Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So we pick up… on… evening… of… August 10th.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As you return to the camp at Three Wells.
Tim Sackton: Now, emptied of many of the people and tents.
Tim Sackton: as… The sort of political…
Tim Sackton: Gathering has broken up, and what remains now is a small contingent of rangers, manning the fortress.
Tim Sackton: Helping people who are, Arriving every day now, seeking shelter away from the possible dangers of the battlefield.
Tim Sackton: More and more people coming
Tim Sackton: Just people who live across the plateau looking for a place of safety to hide from the approaching army.
Tim Sackton: And still, you know, a handful of rangers around to sort of help
Tim Sackton: Plan the battle in and run messages back and forth.
Tim Sackton: Serving as, you know, communication and…
Tim Sackton: a planning headquarters a little bit for the plateau.
Tim Sackton: But it's much quieter compared to…
Tim Sackton: Say, 4 or 5 days ago when you first arrived to the… in argument and discussion.
Tim Sackton: Over the past… Three days, you have…
Tim Sackton: worn down the Hobgoblin army with… Tsunamis and earthquakes and… Just…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: straight-up combat.
Tim Sackton: Having returned this afternoon from a teleportation strike into the heart of the moving centipede creature itself.
Tim Sackton: And now…
Tim Sackton: You wait… plan… Vindr Sharna should be arriving sometime tomorrow morning.
Tim Sackton: Giving you another… Avenue of attack, should you wish to use it.
Tim Sackton: Slight matter question, I forget, I couldn't find in my notes any discussion of
Tim Sackton: Whether you had proposed any particular plan for where the
Tim Sackton: human army and lizardfolk army should be set up to meet the Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: Versus, you know, the edge of the escarpment versus…
Tim Sackton: the entrance to the Heart Root Valley.
David S. Kong: I thought we said the entrance of the Hart Root Valley, right?
Mike: Don't we still have that one?
David S. Kong: Aren't we still trying to knock the… knock the centipede off the… like, we still have one more gorilla attack to do, right? Aren't we trying to…
Mike: Well, were we doing that as a guerrilla attack, or were we doing that as a…
David S. Kong: The man attacked.
Mike: the main attack.
Mike: All I remember is we were planning to… Do some sort of…
Mike: trying to mess around at the edge of the escarpment, but I don't remember if that was the whole army, or if that was, like…
David S. Kong: Our final growth.
Mike: final guerrilla attack. But do we have… how long do we think it takes to go from the escarpment to the…
Tim Sackton: Not long.
Tim Sackton: A day at most.
Mike: But potentially enough time to at least.
David S. Kong: Long rest.
Mike: While rest?
Mike: Or is that a risky?
Tim Sackton: Potentially. I mean, it's always risky.
Mike: Well, no, it's not always risky when they were 4 days away, it certainly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right? I mean, you don't know if they will continue to move at the same speed once they get to the top of the escape. If they continue to move at the same speed, it should be…
Tim Sackton: Something like… 18 to 20 hours.
Tim Sackton: Right, it's about… But… You just, you don't know.
Mike: How long until they get to the escarpment?
Tim Sackton: maybe 24 hours.
David S. Kong: How long is a long rest?
Tim Sackton: 8 hours.
David S. Kong: That sounds like we got plenty of time.
Tim Sackton: Well, but you can only take one a day, right? So if you… If you sleep tonight, And then…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Meet them at…
Tim Sackton: I mean, theoretically, if you sleep tonight, meet them at the escarpment tomorrow night.
Tim Sackton: Fight them, and then rest, like… That would be fine.
Tim Sackton: But if they get to the escarpment sooner, like, you can't… you can only take one long west every 24 hours.
David S. Kong: But can't we time it so that we, like, rest?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: And then, like.
Tim Sackton: I'm just saying, it depends on when they reach different points.
Mike: No, but what… the point is, what we could do is go to sleep.
Mike: It's basically, call it, make an early night, rest now.
David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly. Right, right.
Mike: And then, we would have… And then, as soon as we…
David S. Kong: 24 hours to just wait for them, and then whenever they arrive in that window.
David S. Kong: We do our thing, and then we sleep right after.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Theoretically, it should definitely work.
David S. Kong: In practice, it should also def- definitely work.
Mike: Unless they… I mean, how many… it's like 30 miles?
David S. Kong: go wrong.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Nothing can go wrong.
Mike: How far is it between point A, between the escarpment and the…
Tim Sackton: I need to pull up my hex map, because this isn't quite accurate. It's like… It's like,
Tim Sackton: 40-ish miles.
Mike: Right.
Mike: So, I mean…
Mike: As long as they don't have some burst of speed where all of a sudden they go 10 miles an hour.
David S. Kong: Alright, let's do it.
David S. Kong: So let's go, let's go fuck with him at the end of the carpet.
Mike: Well, here's my only question.
Mike: Why is that not a better spot for us to just have the battle?
Mike: Is it too late to march people there?
Tim Sackton: They decided…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Not to have the battle there, though. Like, what if the giant centipede thing just keeps going?
Mike: Like, along the cliff to somewhere else.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: You know, or straight… I mean, straight onwards, like, why… Then I'll just… There to fight, you know?
Mike: You mean just plow through the… plows through the army, and just…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, like, if they're sort of on a train that's just going.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: They don't have to stop the train for the fight. Like, if they don't care about leaving an army behind them, right?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Which would be the.
Mike: But why would they… I mean, what's the entrance to the Hartwood Grove? What makes them stop there?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, I don't… That's a good question.
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, the…
David S. Kong: Let's ask, let's do some, we can do, an artery.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, just to give you context, which the Rangers certainly would have told you, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Heartwood…
Tim Sackton: the heart root… Grove is… it's like… it's kind of another… it's one of these… mountainous…
Tim Sackton: River, you know, valleys, like…
Tim Sackton: like Three Wells, right? There's a… it's not on a… directly on a major river, but it's sort of on a…
Tim Sackton: You know, there's a stream that flows down from some hills that
Tim Sackton: Passes through a forest and goes… to a river.
Tim Sackton: One of the tributaries of the… of the arson.
Tim Sackton: And it is, I mean… It's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not like it's unapproachable from…
Tim Sackton: three directions, and there's only one way you can march, but it's wooded, And…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It would be…
Tim Sackton: it's certainly… You know, there's a… there's a path, there's a sort of open path, that certainly… you know.
Tim Sackton: not straightforward to just navigate in from any direction. There's, like, the easiest way to go is to…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: Come up… upstream, basically, where the forest is a little bit more open, instead of coming through the hills, which are…
Tim Sackton: quite rugged.
Tim Sackton: Now, maybe, maybe the Hobgoblins don't care. The escarpment has the downside of being…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: just.
Tim Sackton: extremely long… Ridge of open cliff.
Tim Sackton: And so you have to guess exactly where.
Tim Sackton: to meet the army. If they veer off and go in another direction, they can come up.
Tim Sackton: 10 miles away from where your troops are stationed, and then your troops do no good whatsoever.
Mike: Yeah, okay, let's def… let's… let's…
Mike: Let's, let's, array our troops to defend the heart route.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Vendor Sharna will be here tonight.
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow morning.
Mike: Tomorrow morning.
Mike: And there, in theory, between the escarpments sometime.
Tim Sackton: Sometime tomorrow, probably late in the day or overnight.
Mike: So it's… hold on, hold on. So it's…
Mike: It's like, what, 4 in the afternoon, or 3 in the afternoon, sometime in the mid-afternoon, right? No, it's like… Dusk. Dusk?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's like… Evening.
Tim Sackton: 6 PM.
Mike: And… Tomorrow, Tomorrow, They're gonna reach the escarpment.
Mike: Sometime tomorrow towards the later part of the day, that's our expectation.
Tim Sackton: Your expectation is any time from 4… from 4pm to 10pm tomorrow.
Mike: reached the sky, okay.
Mike: So… from a breast perspective, that's actually perfect, right? Because…
Mike: We'll just plan on taking a rest as soon as we're done.
Mike: Right? The idea is we're gonna do another guill attack on the escarpment.
Mike: Vindy Sharna won't be here until… sometime.
Mike: Tomorrow, overnight, right?
Mike: Or will it be?
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow morning.
Mike: Tomorrow morning, okay. So… so tomorrow will be… we'll have Vinjasharna.
Mike: we can use Vindr Sharna on the attack, on the escarp.
Mike: Right? And then as soon as we're done, we, whatever we do, we'll have to plan that in a second, but then as soon as we're done planning that, we invited Sharna back to the heart room.
Mike: Rest.
Mike: And then prepare defenses, and they would very… be very, very unlikely to catch us in… Bye.
Mike: Right? They'd have to move 40 miles in 8 hours to…
Mike: Which, if you could go the speed of a horse, cook, right?
Mike: But also, it's been a week. It's been a long time since Vinder Sharma's been here, right? So in theory, anything that we can do with…
Mike: any Vinja Sharda actions that only take us one…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: any…
Mike: any Vinder Charm actions that only take us one night, we could do.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… As… putting aside the meta discussion then, the… the troops…
Tim Sackton: for the past few days have been under command of Martin Strongbow, the captain of the Rangers, have been,
Tim Sackton: Have been gathering, along the sort of wooded stream that leads into the valley, which protects the heart route.
Tim Sackton: Troops have been amassing there for some days now, from across the plateau, ranger, lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: The militias of the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: people of Arbez.
Tim Sackton: Everybody who can… fight.
Tim Sackton: Hold a weapon.
Tim Sackton: Has been gathering, probably, 3… 4,000 strong.
Tim Sackton: So… Now… With your, impact a somewhat larger force than the Hobgoblin Army.
Tim Sackton: Although still probably substantially less well-trained.
Tim Sackton: There are still a few, a few rangers around.
Tim Sackton: camp tonight, although this is the last… it's about 35 miles from here to the Heart Root Valley. This is the last night that folks will be really camped at Freewells. Everybody's pretty much pulling up and moving.
Tim Sackton: Towards where the ar- towards the army camp.
Tim Sackton: Today.
Tim Sackton: Or, sorry, tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: So… Welcome to Just Sleep.
Tim Sackton: If you want to discuss, you know, role-playing conversations, talk to anybody, you're also welcome to do that.
David S. Kong: So what's our game plan?
David S. Kong: Like, what are we… where are we gonna… how are we gonna… like, we're gonna… what's our plan when we… when the…
David S. Kong: We're not gonna have Vintage Charter for the Escarpment thing, right?
Mike: Yeah, we will.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, we will!
David S. Kong: Oh.
David S. Kong: So did we just, like, ice turret and, like…
David S. Kong: Like, what's, what 9th level spells are Seeker gonna cast to, you know…
David S. Kong: Knock the centipede off the wall and shit, like, what are we doing?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We did something with Mirage Arcane. It's like a…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: One square mile convincing illusion? Like, can we try and…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I don't know, put that over a giant pit full of lava. Those may not be convenient, but, like…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Seems like we ought to be able to lure the giant centipede thing… Into something with that.
Mike: I mean… The real place to do that would be the heart rate, right?
Mike: make an alternate
Mike: path.
Mike: That isn't really the heart rate.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Right? That looks like it.
Mike: Bam.
Mike: I mean, it would work better, it works best if you… if they're…
Mike: coming up the precipice is less useful, right? Because…
Mike: They're not gonna just walk off, whereas if they were going down the precipice, you could just make it, and they would just
Mike: Walk off and fall, right?
Mike: But,
Mike: I mean… you physically…
Mike: it can impede movement, right? So, I mean, why couldn't we make it so that the heart root… I mean.
Mike: It's unclear how the spell would work.
Mike: against magical detection.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Right? Shit.
Mike: In the sense that if she had some sort of magical way of detecting exactly where the heart root is.
Mike: But it seems like you could set up some sort of…
Mike: I mean, the other spell we could cast is Mighty Fortress.
Mike: It creates a hundred, it creates a…
Mike: A giant fortress, 120 feet on each side.
Mike: Ehh… With 4 ba- like, it creates a huge keep, basically.
Mike: With a staff of 100 invisible servants?
Mike: I don't know how useful it is to have a giant fortress.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know what's… why Tim's so abused.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm just… yeah, I don't know exactly what you would do with a giant fortress.
Mike: I like the idea of Mirage Arcane to sort of… make the…
Mike: To make the…
Mike: to make the heart route, Trickier, somehow.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Right?
Mike: It's too bad Anti-Magic Field can't target somebody else.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Or, we just need to cast it…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, I guess it's only the caster.
Mike: It's only self, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That's a bummer. Otherwise, like, just grappling.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Cast it, and then…
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: the,
Mike: I mean, befuddlement is also… it's not a crazy idea to try and befuddle the caster.
Mike: It's an intsave, and if you fail your in-save, you can't cast spells or take the magic action.
Tim Sackton: But what would be the point? I mean, just burn a legendary resistance at that.
Tim Sackton: you're done.
Mike: I guess that's true.
Mike: That's true.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In the middle of battle, Illusory Dragon would be… Great.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Because everyone who sees it has to make a fear save.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Which could, like, potentially be the entire.
Mike: Yes, any of your enemies, too, so your allies don't have to.
David S. Kong: We love that.
Mike: I mean, that's actually… Illuciary Dragon's probably a good one to save for… Combat?
Mike: That's pretty good. It's tangible, but cannot be… you can't get rid of it. It just flies around.
Mike: You're kind of stuck with it.
Mike: That's a pretty good option for, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, doing 76 breath weapons every round.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Okay, but… but… I don't have any amazing ideas for what to do at the escarpment.
Mike: What… what… I don't… because I don't… I imagine, I mean…
Mike: My assumption is that it's not going to be climbing up the wall, it's gonna be levitating in some fashion.
Mike: And so trying to knock it off will be meaningless.
Mike: But of course, if…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: sip?
Mike: Well, because so far it's been floating along the ground, right?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, right.
Mike: So…
Mike: But, if there was a way to knock it off, that's the obvious thing to try to do, is to knock it off.
Mike: Right? So that it falls.
Mike: And then…
Mike: Right. But if there's no way to knock it off, arguably.
Mike: Arguably, there's not much to do.
David S. Kong: Well, we still pummeled it with our ice turret, right?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: This turret doesn't do a huge amount of damage, though.
Mike: The Az chariot is mostly useful because it does… It has 8 attacks.
Mike: So it's really good at… It actually does 16D6,
Mike: if you have one target that you can hit, that's pretty good. But who are we gonna hit? I don't know that the ice will penetrate the…
Mike: they're all inside this creature now, right? They've given up on…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: being vulnerable.
David S. Kong: Is the Chaos Metal, what's the deal with the Chaos Metal and Ice?
David S. Kong: Tim?
Tim Sackton: Hold on.
Mike: We could cast the Icicle Shield at the rabbit.
Tim Sackton: So, the Empress of Chaos is immune to fire necrotic poison.
Tim Sackton: Resistant to cold and radiant.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Resistant.
David S. Kong: Not nothing.
Mike: I mean, Sleet Storm we could try.
Mike: Right?
Mike: it's gonna make the cliff icy. I mean, if anything's gonna…
Mike: But I just don't know how…
Mike: I don't really know how, like, massively useful it really is, right?
Tim Sackton: Well, let's not spend too much time.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Disgusting. Yeah, yeah.
Mike: So…
Tim Sackton: Whoa.
Mike: I think we just… I would suggest we just, not over-plan this. I think we… I think we should consult with the Rangers here. We should consult with Martin Strongvo, right? Who knows the.
Tim Sackton: So he is at the… he's at the army camp.
Mike: Yeah, isn't the army camp at…
Tim Sackton: At the heart rate.
Mike: Yeah, we wanna go there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike: We should… we should… we should… what, it's 30 miles away?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Do we have, like, horses?
David S. Kong: We fly?
Mike: None of us have 5 of them.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Twiggin'.
Mike: If we don't have.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Teleport?
Mike: We can just teleport.
Mike: That seems… that seems wasteful.
Tim Sackton: You can't teleport until the morning, so he doesn't have any spell slots left.
Mike: Right.
David S. Kong: We don't have a sending stone or anything with those guys?
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you just want to talk to him, you can always just dream.
Mike: No, no, no, the idea is we'd like Vinisharna to meet us there.
Mike: Right? And then we'd like to…
Mike: We would like to get there, right?
Mike: And then,
Mike: plan out. I mean, maybe we just…
Mike: Maybe we should just… maybe it's not worth trying to get there, maybe we just talk in a dream.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, I think that's fun.
Mike: We should do an augury, though, of whether or not we're better off.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do our…
Mike: All of our resources.
Mike: Probably.
Tim Sackton: Well, Augury only gets you the next 30 minutes.
Mike: Oh, never mind then. That's not that useful.
Mike: Okay, so I think when it's, like, dusk, I think we make an early night of it, right?
Mike: camp here.
Mike: I'll dream… Martin Strongbow, Delta dream Martin Strongbow over the… in the course of the evening, and make…
Mike: make some plans, right? In particular, discuss two things.
Mike: one… This idea of, reshaping… illusion… an illusionary reshaping of the terrain.
Mike: to…
Mike: But it's more than just an illusion, right? Like, it would feel real. You can actually make impassable, difficult terrain, right? It's not… it's not really an illusion at all. So we can actually reshape the train in a mile.
Mike: Right, and I actually don't see anything in the spell that would prevent us from making the hills steeper, and the…
Mike: Forest denser, and… You know,
Mike: Changing… even changing the course of, you know, a river or something, so that the river runs
Mike: Through what is now a hill, and a hill is now where the river is, so that the heart route is, like, entirely surrounded by dense hills.
Mike: Right? I mean, it's technically illusionary, but it… it lasts for 10 days?
Tim Sackton: Yup. So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So the idea is to sort of discuss how to best.
Mike: how to best… use this, right? Like… like…
Mike: Della's not really a military strategist.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right. But there's gotta be a way to… to… Use this to… to…
Mike: set up an ambush, set up a place where we have the high ground, right? Something like that, right? Like, set up a place where we're… where we're best suited to… to stage an attack and… and plan out how this spell would work.
Mike: Right. And then… the… other… Question is to think about…
Mike: When we're going to… about where to…
Mike: Start spreading the idea, which we've already mentioned, but the idea of using animal shapes to create an attack force.
Mike: Of a few hundred people, or whatever, as beasts.
Mike: And again, Martin's assignment in his dream is to think about how to use these two things
Mike: And his military strategist's knowledge.
Mike: to, sort of, you know…
Mike: come up with a bad plan. I mean, that's a little bit cheating, right? Like, I could… I understand that, you know, maybe we should just be like.
Tim Sackton: No, it's fine, I mean…
Mike: how to play, but… But…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's… so, right. I get what you're going for.
Mike: and that will be arriving.
Mike: with Vinjusharna, and we can make final Our intention is to arrive
Mike: tomorrow even… Sorry. Our intention is to arrive pre-dawn, the day after tomorrow.
Mike: on Vintoshana, and we'll make final preparations, at that point.
Mike: This does mean if we use Wish for Mirror, for… Mirage Akhana.
Mike: Seeker won't have wished during the compliment.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I don't… unless… unless… he doesn't use…
Mike: Wish in the gorilla attack, which is actually fairly likely, right? Like, if the gorilla attack doesn't use Wish.
Mike: then… If we get to… If we teleport, or if Seeker just teleports, He could cast Mirage Akhana.
Mike: Before taking a rest, and then take a long rest, and then half.
Mike: Have wished for the… for the come-out.
Mike: So I think we should try and avoid using… I think Seekers should, unless there's a really compelling reason, we should probably have this last guerrilla attack mostly be about…
Mike: probing the capabilities of the… of the centipede thing.
Mike: Right? If we shoot Icicle turret at it, what happens? If we try and ram it, or throw Vox at it, or…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Hmm.
Mike: send, you know, performance of creation at it. What does it do?
David S. Kong: I like that.
David S. Kong: You know, one thing we haven't seen it do is, anything offensive.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: We've only seen it, like, shield, or, like, Create Divisions inside. We haven't seen it, like…
David S. Kong: Actually, Tim, when we fought the Empress, did it… did…
David S. Kong: Did the armor do anything offensive?
Tim Sackton: The armor? Not really specifically.
David S. Kong: That's interesting.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it was… I mean, she didn't really attack much, I mean, she, like…
Tim Sackton: Through, you know, through a spirit, somebody, maybe? .
David S. Kong: Yeah. But I guess I'm trying to say, we haven't seen the Chaos Medal do anything…
Tim Sackton: You haven't seen the Chaos Medal do much.
David S. Kong: I mean, we've seen it change form a lot, but we haven't seen it, like… In an attack.
David S. Kong: On an office. Right.
David S. Kong: Well, I'm sure it doesn't have any offensive capabilities, and we don't have to worry about that at all.
Mike: Well, that's… that's what we're gonna find out.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. I'm being very sarcastic, I'm sure it'll turn into, like, a million bullets and we'll all die in a, you know…
David S. Kong: Tale of…
David S. Kong: Settle.
Tim Sackton: So, I also…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: just…
Tim Sackton: Keep in mind, if you want to use this, Eric has…
Tim Sackton: not managed to pick one of Seeker's spells for several
Tim Sackton: for a long time, which I understand. So…
Tim Sackton: before the session, I just gave him back some Wacom as a 7th level spell.
Tim Sackton: Which we had traded for Wish before, but rather than try and make a decision for Eric about what spell Seeker would have, I just figure…
Tim Sackton: give them back some rack'em. So, if you take 12 hours to cast some Rackham, You can also have…
Mike: Then we got two issues.
Mike: That would give us 2 minutes.
Tim Sackton: theoretically have two wishes, yes, because the Samarakum would have the 9th level slot.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's nice.
Tim Sackton: It just won't have a… it just won't have a seventh on the slot.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That would be great.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: But it takes 12 hours to cast.
David S. Kong: We got time.
Mike: I mean, maybe Seeker should do that right now.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Can't right now, he used his 7th hole spot to teleport you back. Needs to sleep first.
Mike: I don't think we're gonna have… I think the timing's gonna be tough.
Mike: Because… I, it's… It's 5 o'clock, right?
Mike: so it's… if it's… if it's, it's 5PM right now.
Mike: Hey, it's Seeker!
Mike: We've most… hey, hey, Eric.
David S. Kong: Every time.
Mike: We're about to… let's just do the guerrilla attack and see what happens.
Mike: We've been planning for too long.
Tim Sackton: The timeline is…
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast tsunami.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so, the timeline is… it's… it's evening. Vindra Sharna is showing up tomorrow morning.
Tim Sackton: the set… the…
Tim Sackton: Chaos Metal Centipede is expected to reach the cliff that goes up to the plateau tomorrow night.
Tim Sackton: And then reach the heart route.
Tim Sackton: 18 hours after that, 12 to…
Tim Sackton: 24 hours after that. So the plan is… Guerrilla attack, On the cliff tomorrow night.
Tim Sackton: Take a long rest on Vindasharna as you fly back to the part route.
Tim Sackton: Or teleport and take a long last.
Tim Sackton: And then, by… The battle at the apartment.
Mike: Okay, here's a crazy idea.
Mike: Tomorrow morning.
Mike: Seeker casts some lacrum using a slot. Sorry, we're basically… our entire goal here is to optimize the number of wishes that Seeker can cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Mike: Tomorrow morning, Seeker… and Tim just decided to give you back some locker room, since you haven't picked a spell.
Mike: I think of the theory that you could change it if you decide for something else, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… it's a useful one, yeah.
Mike: So then, but here's the idea, tomorrow morning.
Mike: Seeker gets up early, casts some Macrim, that uses your 7th level swap. You then have a Silmacrum that has Wish.
David S. Kong: Typically, Seeker needs to not oversleep.
Mike: Correct.
David S. Kong: Very dependent.
Mike: Absolutely critical, that secret.
Mike: 4 in the.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: alarm has to go off. Set a backup alarm and a backup to the backup.
Mike: sleep. That one just stands right out of the trance, so I'll kick Seeker.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay, good, good, good, yeah, okay, great.
Mike: That stuff gets lost in his thumb. No, but that doesn't tend to happen. So then tomorrow…
Eric Rosenbaum: An alarm seeker.
Mike: Tomorrow, like, 4AM, you cast Solacram. The Simulacrim's ready, hopefully, by the time… That…
Tim Sackton: Darby.
Mike: Everything shows up.
Tim Sackton: 4PM, it would be ready. Yes.
Mike: Then, we go do some guerrilla Attack on the Centipede, but Seeker cannot use your 8th or 9th level slots.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And then, after the guerrilla attack on the centipede, Seeker teleports to the heart rate, uses your 9th level spot to cast Mirage Ikana.
Mike: which lasts for 10 days, and changes the territory however we want it to be. Like, Mirage Akhan is crazy. You take a mile of space, and just reshape the land to be whatever the hell you want it to look like. Technically, it's an illusion, but it's physi- it's tactile.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: And then…
Tim Sackton: That takes a role.
Tim Sackton: Right, okay.
Mike: Right? So then you take a rest, as long as you… as long as Seeker doesn't use his 8th or 9th level slots in the gorilla attack, then you can use your 8th level slot to teleport, 9th level to cast Wish as soon as you get there to weigh down the Mirage Arcana.
Mike: dress for 10 days. And then you sleep, and then during the battle, we have both the Sublacram and Seeker's wishes.
David S. Kong: And the Moroccuracana.
Mike: and the Mirage I caught.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, just to be perfectly clear, this is gonna be Seeker 5.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: This is a secret, we're up to Secret 5, yes.
Mike: Right, and this Seeker will come into being without a 7th level spell, but with an 8th level spell. So if we wanted…
Mike: This seeker could.
Tim Sackton: animal shape of these dummy.
Mike: You could do two animal shapes to get twice as many people, and you could have a beast army of, like, 500.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're not trying diplomacy, is what you're saying.
Mike: We did! We… we tried!
Mike: diplomacy. We try.
Mike: The other question is, are we releasing our Hobgoblin…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wizard person.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah!
David S. Kong: Feels like… maybe not, right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely, yes. Oh.
Mike: I-I was gonna say… yes.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It's like, well, we're gonna release her, and she's just gonna immediately teleport away into the world, and that will be the end of that.
David S. Kong: Yeah… or… I just… yeah.
David S. Kong: Feels like we do that when we have a little more control of the situation.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Mike: Anyway.
Tim Sackton: Let's move, let's move forward.
David S. Kong: That's actually a good point.
Mike: At the moment, we're just going to bed. Seeker's waking up. I'm dreaming to…
Tim Sackton: You all rest, remember to hit long rest on your character.
Tim Sackton: To reset any spells or whatever you've used. Over the… over the evening, over the night, dealt with, talks to Martin Strongbore, the captain, have a long conversation about battle strategy and, how to use both,
Tim Sackton: beasts and the Mirage are kind of defensively, and he makes a bunch of suggestions and says he'll think about it.
Tim Sackton: discuss with a few of his advisors, and we'll have a plan ready for you by the time you arrive tomorrow night. It says, the morale of the army is high.
Tim Sackton: everybody's… they've… rangers have… I mean, historically, they have protected the heart route and park by…
Tim Sackton: secrecy, but now they've basically just told everybody to give the army something to fight for. So everybody is extremely motivated to prevent
Tim Sackton: the Empress of Chaos from reaching the Heart Root.
Tim Sackton: Still a few more, troops expected.
Tim Sackton: Over the course of the day tomorrow, but at that point, it'll probably be too late for any more troops to move across the plateau. And as you all wake up in the morning, seeker at the crack of dawn.
Tim Sackton: goes to his,
Tim Sackton: Pulls out all the tricks you used to produce ice when you were, an ice, addict.
Tim Sackton: using… I don't know, whatever ketchup you have.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can always, use the glove, actually.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can use the glove to…
Tim Sackton: turn whatever you want, whatever spell you might otherwise cast into ice.
Tim Sackton: Just, you know…
Mike: Delleth can also make ice.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And shapes Seeker 5 out of ice, and sits down to begin casting.
Tim Sackton: Which does require one of your… Ruby components.
Tim Sackton: Of which you have 6, so now you have 5.
Tim Sackton: I'll update that on your character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, the three… the rest of you, watch as, the…
Tim Sackton: The last few people at camp pack up.
Tim Sackton: Marcella, comes by and, you know, prepares to set out for the Heart Root Fortress.
Tim Sackton: So she'll see you there,
Tim Sackton: hopes to get a chance to say hi to Hector before the battle.
Tim Sackton: cataline Malra, the,
Tim Sackton: priestess of the Fox and Hunter, the sort of older woman, spiritual leader, is also leaving with Marcella.
Tim Sackton: Gives you a… Grateful acknowledgement and a sort of… Nod of thanks.
Tim Sackton: Grasps Kenza's hand in particular, after your experiences with the probing the heart route, and…
Tim Sackton: Also says, you know, She will be happy to… To speak more after this.
Tim Sackton: Moment of danger has passed.
Tim Sackton: Particularly to Kenzo, because you had said earlier that you wanted to talk to some of the rangers about the heart route.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now, at this moment of danger, she says is not the time to sit around the fire and tell stories, but she's looking forward to it.
Tim Sackton: After the battle.
Tim Sackton: And you wait… By noon, the camp has pretty much emptied.
Tim Sackton: you can see, and you see on the horizon, the…
Tim Sackton: hull of Vindrasharna cresting over… cresting through some clouds and beginning to descend.
Tim Sackton: towards you as Seeker sits, chanting next to this pile of ice that's slowly forming into a construct.
Tim Sackton: By 4pm, as the spell finishes, Vinjasharna has arrived, everybody's…
Tim Sackton: Happy to see you again, faldric jumps down, ready to charge into battle.
Tim Sackton: Quite, interested and a little bit jealous of your stories of tsunamis and earthquakes and… Chaos medal.
Tim Sackton: gives… gives Seeker a little knowing glance when you mention Chaos Metal.
Tim Sackton: You have a… you have a sample, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll make some things.
Tim Sackton: Dope.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they don't… the rest of them don't need to know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's fine.
Tim Sackton: And as Seeker 5 materializes, just after 4pm.
Tim Sackton: you… I'll climb onto Vinishana, And begin heading for the escarpment.
Tim Sackton: from this camp, You're talking maybe… Maybe 4… 3… Maybe 4 hours.
Tim Sackton: So about 8PM, a little after 8pm, you would reach the sort of closest point as the…
Tim Sackton: Skyship Flies.
Tim Sackton: Right, which would be… Which would be something like… Like, here.
Tim Sackton: Roughly, if you can… well, Schwarza's the only one in Rule 20, so… But that's a likely…
Mike: logical gap.
Tim Sackton: there's a map involved.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, of course, it's hard to predict where… Where they will… appear?
Tim Sackton: You know, from Vinjasharna, you've got pretty good sight lines, although, of course it's dark.
Tim Sackton: So, you begin to set out.
Tim Sackton: Heading, so you're currently here.
Tim Sackton: And it's about 40 miles.
Mike: Doesn't.
Tim Sackton: this fort here.
Mike: Can't Kenzo kind of sense when they're within about 30 miles?
Tim Sackton: So… you fly for a couple hours as the sun begins to set, once you get…
Tim Sackton: Once you sort of cross over this…
Tim Sackton: This path here, and you can see the escarpment edge.
Tim Sackton: I'll change the…
Tim Sackton: Kenzo… Pauses for a moment and reaches out his consciousness, extending his thoughts.
Tim Sackton: sensing the Empress of Chaos maybe 20 miles to the north, So, somewhere like… like, here.
Tim Sackton: So, a little bit north of where you were aiming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It's likely they'll hit the escarpment…
Tim Sackton: I don't know, maybe half an hour-ish before you could reach them.
Tim Sackton: maybe… about the same time you get there, it's hard to predict. Kenzo's sense is not… exact.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's exact in terms of, like, miles, but it doesn't tell you how fast they're moving, precisely.
Tim Sackton: So you turn and you turn Vince trying to north.
Tim Sackton: And begin flying along the, sort of, diagonal to meet the cliff edge just north of this waterfall here that cascades down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's on SAP.
Tim Sackton: Which thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was trying to… There, that thing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, those are all just, like, ranger forts. The one that's circled in blue is where the Heartwood is. Hartwood is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: But all these others are just our forts. Most of them are still manned with a small force, but the bulk of the army is…
Tim Sackton: Has pulled back to defend the… the heart route. It's actually…
Tim Sackton: It should… it's actually more, like, there, because it's a little bit up into the mountains from the river.
Tim Sackton: So… After flying north,
Tim Sackton: In, sort of, battle conditions as quickly as you can.
Tim Sackton: You see… As the…
Tim Sackton: Let's see what the moon is like tonight.
Tim Sackton: Smart.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there is no moon, so it is… it is very dark.
Tim Sackton: There's almost no moon.
Tim Sackton: There's just a sliver of a new crescent moon tonight.
Tim Sackton: It's dark, you can just see the sort of shadowy shape of the cliff below you.
Tim Sackton: And you can make out more,
Tim Sackton: You know, it's dark, and it's out of the range of any of your dark vision, so this is not, like, a…
Tim Sackton: A clear vision you see, but it almost looks like there's something…
Tim Sackton: The shadows along a long stretch of the cliff face may be extending.
Tim Sackton: 500 yards along a stretch of the cliff base. Almost seem like their shadows are sort of squiggling along the wall.
Tim Sackton: You do also see… Maybe about a dozen, sort of, Dol… Silver, metallic, Birds?
Tim Sackton: That are beginning to soar over in your direction.
Tim Sackton: Vinder Shana is not hard… is not… Is… Hard not to miss.
Tim Sackton: Hard to miss, sorry.
Tim Sackton: No sign of a giant centipede anywhere.
David S. Kong: Where do I sense it, though, Tim?
Tim Sackton: you sense the Empress of Chaos, like, right here.
David S. Kong: But, I mean, I also sense that… thousands of.
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, there's, like, hobgoblins on the cliff, there's just no centipede.
Mike: I'm clubs are climbing?
Tim Sackton: You can't see them. It's, like, 200 feet away.
Tim Sackton: There's just, like, shadowy shapes, kind of.
Tim Sackton: Shimmering on the walls.
Tim Sackton: No, and it's dark.
Tim Sackton: It's about 9 o'clock at night, the sun set, like, two and a half hours ago.
Mike: Should we just, like, cast a light spell or something?
David S. Kong: Daylight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a big enough range.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think it… I mean, daylight is…
Mike: at 60 feet.
Mike: The point within range, 60 feet sphere, so…
Mike: Pick it 60 feet away, and it'll illuminate 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can get closer, right? You have, like, a minute before the…
Tim Sackton: So you get… you get closer, and you…
Tim Sackton: cast daylight, using a… this is using a drift globe, right? So, the drift globe lights up, so you gotta toss the drift globe 60 feet away, and then it…
Tim Sackton: Bursts into light, illuminating the top edge of the cliff.
Tim Sackton: And you can see… Dozens of, maybe, 10-foot-long sort of dull… Matt… gray…
Tim Sackton: Worms, snakes, something like that, slithering up the wall, about 20 hobgoblins mounted on each one, two lines of 10 along each side.
Tim Sackton: Moving fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, sorry, how many total?
Eric Rosenbaum: Next.
Tim Sackton: This is, like, stretching for 500 yards or more across the… There's gotta be…
Tim Sackton: More than a hundred of them.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: How long will it take for all of them to get to the top?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: At this point, like, the first ones are cresting over the top right now.
Tim Sackton: So… A minute or two.
Tim Sackton: As the light goes off, a dozen of these silvery hawks swar…
Mike: We should…
Tim Sackton: Peel away and start immediately.
Mike: Shoot ice at them.
David S. Kong: Yeah, definitely.
Mike: So, I mean, as they're… they're…
Mike: they're not that far… I mean, they're… sorry, they're…
Mike: We should just shoot… finish on an ice turn at them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, the ice turn.
Mike: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Grab something. Yup.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I think so, though. I'm also thinking, like, depending on how long it takes to get them up, can we tsunami…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: the guys on the cliff, like, they're on the outsides of these things, there's not a way to get in. Yeah. We won't be able to get everyone.
David S. Kong: We love this.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Because of the minute casting time, but…
Tim Sackton: Can we get a third of them? Like, is that a plausible… Well, that uses Seeker's Wish, so that breaks the…
Mike: It means we wouldn't have… it means we would either not have it
Mike: Not have anything during the battle.
Mike: Or… It trades the wish during the battle.
David S. Kong: No, they're…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't want that.
David S. Kong: There are two wishes that we would have in the battle, because the also has a wish.
Mike: Correct.
David S. Kong: So, let's… I mean, this… I don't know, feels like a pretty good time to use a tsunami to try to, like, knock off, like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: they're spread… I mean, remember, they're spread quite wide, right? You can't send a tsunami that runs along the side of the cliff, right? I guess, theoretically, a tsunami could go down off the cliff.
David S. Kong: Yeah, a chance of the tsunami crash down?
Tim Sackton: But that's gonna just hit. They're not stacked.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: One below each other, they're spread out in a really long line.
Tim Sackton: Oh, why does this.
David S. Kong: One second.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: 300 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just looking at a…
Tim Sackton: The tsunami's 100 yards, they're spreading over, like, maybe More than 500 yards, so… So, it's like…
Mike: It's like a…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I anticipated that possible tactic.
Mike: like…
Tim Sackton: A really long line, like this.
Mike: It goes, like, 2,000 feet or something like that, right? Is it really that… That's only one, it's not…
Mike: many, it's, like, one rank? Is there just one.
Tim Sackton: One rank, advancing up like this.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Got it. So it's like 2,000… it would be like… I mean, that would be… at 2 feet per person, that's 4,000 feet across, if there's 2,000 people.
Tim Sackton: No, there's, like, 20 of them on each… on each… It's a snake.
Mike: So the snake is going up like this.
Tim Sackton: So there's, like, 150 snakes, each space, like, 15 feet apart from each other, or 20 feet apart from each other. Right.
Tim Sackton: Spread out along a long stretch of the cliff.
Mike: So that's still, like, 2,000 feet of cliff, or something like that.
Mike: So, it's a long…
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's a long line like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they're not all kinds, or how are they opulence?
Tim Sackton: the same…
Mike: How are they moving? Are they… Are they…
Mike: Do they appear to be climbing?
Tim Sackton: they're still moving the same way that the centipede was. They're, like, levitating somehow up the surface.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Mike: I mean, why don't we shoot some ice turrets at the…
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, we have some things we can do, right? Delith's gonna cast.
David S. Kong: Yeah, and Kenzo's just gonna go and engage in combat, and just fight, not try to knock as many as he can off the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We'll be able to start shooting.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We'll work on the flying creature things.
Tim Sackton: The scene right now is there's a dozen… metallic…
Tim Sackton: large hawks turning and wheeling towards Vinjesharma.
Tim Sackton: About 200 feet away at the moment.
Tim Sackton: As the light… daylight bursts into light.
Mike: And how far away is the…
Mike: How far away is the, cliff?
Tim Sackton: The cliff is… the cliff is, like, 120 feet below you.
Mike: Right, okay.
Tim Sackton: Right? Because that's where you have to position yourself to get the light on the top of the cliff, and you're sort of…
Tim Sackton: The bottom third or so of this long line that stretches along the top of the cliff.
Mike: And each of these…
Tim Sackton: of light, the first, like, three of these.
Mike: Each of these snake things is, like…
Mike: 50 feet… it's, like, 20 feet wide, or something like that? 15 feet wide.
Tim Sackton: It's a… they're about 20 feet long, they're not that wide, or 10 feet long, there's…
Tim Sackton: 10 to 20 feet long, there's 10 hobgoblins clinging on each side of them, so they're units of 20 on each snake.
Mike: And there's maybe 150 of them spread out across, but spaced widely, so that it doesn't… Sure.
Tim Sackton: You know, 10 or 15 or 20 feet between them.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: And some of them are cresting now over the top and starting to move, along the, you know, in towards the plateau. Some others seem still at the bottom, like they're staggered on their ascent. They're not all ascending at the same time.
Tim Sackton: As… go ahead.
Mike: I mean, shouldn't we just start firing I would…
Eric Rosenbaum: Got her!
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about, like, the Voltron aspect. So obviously, like, the centipede came apart into the snakes.
Mike: I wonder if there's a way to prevent them from coming back together.
Mike: You know what we should try and do? Let's try and capture one of the snakes.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
David S. Kong: Great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: with… The mirror, or no? How would we do it?
Tim Sackton: As far as you can see, they don't have eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Can you use, can you use, don't you have some sort of… grasping…
David S. Kong: Earth. Hand of some kind? Earth.
Mike: telekinesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could try grabbing one with telekinesis, I didn't think of that, that's interesting.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: What's the range? Let's… let's do that. Let's… let's… let's… let's, so I'm gonna… I'm gonna… here's the plan. Let's do this. Let's… let's fly… so…
Mike: Welby and Kenzo and Faldrick are on Keep the Flying Thinks Off Us.
Mike: Right, ice turret, Faldrak, because I keep the flying things off us.
Mike: M…
Mike: Daweth will throw an ice storm at one of the centipedes to try and clear the Hobgoblins off it.
Mike: And then Seeker should throw a telekinesis to try and grab the centipede.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it. Great idea.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And then you should follow it back on Vincent.
Mike: It's all low-level spells, so we're not… it's only your 5th level slot, right? Like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no big deal.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, several things happen at once, are you… Welby, are you…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, so there's a… there's a dozen of these birds that are moving towards you.
Tim Sackton: They're about 200 feet away.
Tim Sackton: Anybody who wants… Frederick rushes to battle stations and activates the ice turret that takes his action.
Tim Sackton: The…
Mike: We would have already been at battle stations. We weren't flying into battle.
Tim Sackton: No, no, but activating the ice turret.
Mike: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: takes action. But he gets…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, but he gets to do… he gets to make the attacks, right?
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: The,
Tim Sackton: Let me just check what the… what is the range of the ice?
Mike: 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I'll attack roll, 2d6 cold damage, right?
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Welby is also attacking birds.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: What's Kenza doing?
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenza's attacking birds.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they're currently 200 feet away from you.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Kenzo, run over there super quick and engage them in melee, so… I can get Sneak Attack.
David S. Kong: Yeah, totally.
Tim Sackton: You moved 200 feet?
David S. Kong: In two turns, I can, like, dash, right?
Tim Sackton: What's your.
Mike: speed.
Mike: What's your fly speed?
David S. Kong: Let's see, what is my 5-speed Tim as a…
Tim Sackton: just your speed. You have to activate your astral form.
David S. Kong: I have to do it in natural form, for sure.
David S. Kong: Okay, so…
Tim Sackton: It's just your speed.
David S. Kong: 70 feet.
Tim Sackton: and cover…
Mike: What is it to activate? Is that a bonus action, or it just happens?
David S. Kong: Astral? Astral Plan? I… or Astral Kenza?
Tim Sackton: It's a magic action.
Mike: Oh, it's an actual action.
Tim Sackton: But it lasts for an hour.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I would have done this.
Tim Sackton: So, probably while the ice storm… while the.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: was being thrown, Kenzo's gonna activate his Astral Flock.
Mike: So can't you bonus action dash?
Tim Sackton: So you could… you can theoretically go…
Mike: That's 200 feet!
Tim Sackton: 210 feet in one turn.
Tim Sackton: I do that. But you won't get… you won't get to attack, you get…
Mike: Yay.
Tim Sackton: A dash, a move, and a bonus action. Dash.
David S. Kong: That's fine.
Mike: Canada.
David S. Kong: I'm about to get attacked by, like.
Mike: You're just…
David S. Kong: Ben?
Tim Sackton: You're gonna get mobbed by 12 giant birds.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That could be a problem.
David S. Kong: Why don't I not do that?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Huh.
David S. Kong: Like, why don't I go, like, 140 feet?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Nope.
David S. Kong: How about for the Fox movie?
Mike: they're probably…
Tim Sackton: They were scream.
Mike: Last time, they probably can go 100 feet.
Mike: stay within… stay within 50… I mean, don't go too far, just go 50 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: And just… pause.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: So, Seeker and Delwith are… Doing your plan on the…
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, what spell is… are you using Delaware?
Mike: Ice Storm?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: 2D10 bludgeoning and 46 cold, DC20 Deck Save are half.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, kenzo… flies out from Vinjasharna as Faldrick reigns for Four turret attacks.
Tim Sackton: those are not great rolls.
Tim Sackton: What is their AC.
Tim Sackton: Oh, their AC's not that high. That hits.
Tim Sackton: Two of the turret attacks hit, so that's 48.
Tim Sackton: Oh, those are tools.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, it's D6, it's 4D6.
Mike: But he gets 8 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so I'll roll another four.
Tim Sackton: 1 and 3 miss, 18 and 13 hit.
Tim Sackton: So, half of them hit, so that's… for total, so that's 10… 20… 33 points of damage,
Tim Sackton: on one bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Which is bloodied.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, the birds close in,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: 2… Two rank… one… one rank of soldiers,
Tim Sackton: Keeps… keeps rushing past, but, two more ranks, peel out,
Tim Sackton: Like, sort of drop off and roll, drawing their bows as they do.
Tim Sackton: And as they…
Mike: Ranks of soldiers where? On the birds?
Tim Sackton: No, no, on the two of the ranks of soldiers on the worms below you.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: drop and roll into Archers.
Tim Sackton: So, go ahead, you can all do your actions now.
Mike: Yeah, I cast Ice Storm.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… that's going to… Knock off.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, roll damage, actually, I gotta pull it right. 23.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that takes about… so these are… I'm running these like units, so they're basically swarms.
Tim Sackton: Where is my swarm step?
Tim Sackton: So many things here.
Tim Sackton: Lots of infantry talent… So, about two-thirds of the… Creatures on that, On the…
Tim Sackton: thing you're targeting, just die, get knocked off by the ice storm, collapse. Some of them, protect them, shelter themselves with,
Tim Sackton: With the bodies of their friends.
Tim Sackton: Staying alive.
Tim Sackton: But as the ice… hits the…
Tim Sackton: Hits the sort of metallic shimmer of the worm, it just dissolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: the ice desolves.
Tim Sackton: No, the worm dissolves.
Mike: Oh, that's the… so what happens to the remaining third? Do they just fall to the death?
Tim Sackton: that… No, this is on top.
Mike: No, I was hitting one at the side.
Mike: I wanted one that was going up. Was there none that were going up?
Tim Sackton: No, you can hit one going off.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Sorry, I thought they were all going up. I thought the ones that had crested were just barely crested.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: But I was half thinking, hey, that one might… a few of them might get knocked off by the hail, even if the tail doesn't kill them, right?
Tim Sackton: Those 20 all fall to their death.
Mike: Does the worm disappear?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Ow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh…
Mike: Well, just tell Kinesis what I did to tech.
Tim Sackton: What's the range of telekinesis?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: only 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
Tim Sackton: So there's none on the cliff that are within 60 feet of you.
Mike: Wow, Vader Sharp is still moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can double it, also, I could do a 120.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a match for that? I would do that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's one within 120.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alrighty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I will attempt to,
Eric Rosenbaum: Grab one. So, is it… it's huge or smaller?
Tim Sackton: N-no, it's bigger than huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, let me double check.
Tim Sackton: Huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tried to…
Mike: I thought you said it was only 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: A huge… a huge creature is 15 by 15 feet.
Tim Sackton: So 20 feet is Cardassian.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, I could certainly dissolve another one by flavoring…
Eric Rosenbaum: An area of effect spell with ice damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a thing I could do with the gloves?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could, like, erupting Earth and turn it into a fountain of ice.
Mike: I mean, dissolving them isn't… I'm trying to think if there's another way to…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, to capture it.
Mike: Yeah. It's kind of pointless.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me try this.
Mike: 150 of them. There's no point in killing them one by one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Depends how sentient the worms are. If I make a wall of ice, it might stop moving, because it doesn't touch the wall of ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that lasts.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the full duration.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 minutes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make an icebox.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Aren't these things narrow, though?
Mike: I thought these were fairly narrow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. They're, like, 10 feet wide and… or 8 feet wide and 20-ish feet long.
Mike: And you definitely don't think… telekinesis can work against that. It feels like it's within the size of…
Tim Sackton: I mean, sizes in D&D are always, deeply approximate. They are… Gargantuan size.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: Yeah, it would just, if it curled slightly, it would fit within 15 by 15 feet.
Tim Sackton: But the point of telecomesis is not… it's not a 15 by 15 foot area.
Mike: It's a… No, no.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, I know, I know.
Mike: No. I know, I just… I'm… I'm… mildly questioning whether these are really gargantuan, if they're 8 feet by 20 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like years ago, we did silly tricks with… with making little walled chambers to trap things like… horses for some reason? Why did we do that?
Mike: Oh, wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: near the beginning of the campaign. Anyway, it's kind of a callback to the earlier events.
David S. Kong: I remember…
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, whoa!
David S. Kong: Making, like, an earthen, like, stable for the horses?
David S. Kong: That's what it was. And then, like, we were curious if they were still alive. We, like, came back, remember? Oh yeah, that was, like, very right at the beginning, when you were the very, very, very first Avenger.
Tim Sackton: First thing you did with mold earth.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Probably remember that.
Eric Rosenbaum: One way, I cast Wall of Stone, but I use a charge on my Love of Crystallized Magic to turn it into Wall of Ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. And I can easily make a box big enough to go all the way around this thing, because I have…
Eric Rosenbaum: 10… Not.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm not sure you can make a wall of ice on… a… I guess you could, actually.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it can adhere to whatever surface, right?
Tim Sackton: But also, Peggy's…
Mike: Can it make it sticking out from the side of a cliff?
Eric Rosenbaum: It can cantilever, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sure, why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: The 10 10x10 foot panels…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it can easily go… all the way around it, at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't maybe wall off the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, if it's 30 by 10 as a rectangle, that's 8 panels.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can't quite cover the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I doing that right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody go check my… Visualization there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, we don't need to worry about the exact details. You make an icebox around one of the worms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: It stops. Meanwhile, you hear the shout below you, fire, and a rain of arrows falls on Vindersharna, so…
Tim Sackton: Everybody make a dexterity saving throw.
Mike: I mean, aren't we… somewhat…
Mike: Benjarna is not… we're not just, like, flying like this, right? Aren't we above them?
Mike: And aren't there, like, walls and stuff?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, you had to drop… Yeah, you get… Plus…
Tim Sackton: 5 tier save from 3 quarters cover.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: You have to drop… I mean, Seeker has a spell, right? You have to be pretty low to the ground.
Mike: Yes, no, no, no, I was just saying there should be some… we're not just, like, standing in the open, waving at them.
Mike: Yes. Yep.
Mike: So, with plus 5, I got a 16.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… What did,
Tim Sackton: Where did everybody else go? Seeker got a 24.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: 18 for me.
Tim Sackton: 18? Okay, so… .
David S. Kong: You only get an 18, there's a plus 5 in addition to whatever you rolled, right? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I rolled a… yeah, I rolled a 2 on the die to get 18.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Come on, Dandy Beyond's being annoying. I'll just do it this way.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Delwith, you take,
Tim Sackton: 24 points of fire damage as the arrows burst into flames as they are in the air.
Tim Sackton: And… 10 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: seeker takes half that, 5 points of piercing and 12 points of fire.
Tim Sackton: Wabi takes nothing. Kong, what did Kenza roll?
David S. Kong: 30.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo takes nothing.
Tim Sackton: However, 9…
Tim Sackton: sorry, a dozen flying birds now dash to close in on Kenzo, so you're now surrounded 50 feet from the
Tim Sackton: from the deck of Vindasharna by a dozen of these, large flying birds.
Mike: Are the birds made out of the cool metal?
Tim Sackton: They are metallic-looking, but they did not burst, they did not vanish.
Tim Sackton: when, they were… one of them was hit with the ice turret.
Tim Sackton: And another, you know, number,
Tim Sackton: of things now are sort of beginning to reach the top, and they're all sort of scattering, right? Anybody who's close to Vinjasarna is moving as far away from Vinjasarna as they can, basically.
Tim Sackton: If they're still on the cliff, and wheeling around if they're not on the cliff. Infantry not doing much, but the archers are…
Tim Sackton: Like, there's ranks of archers now setting up.
Tim Sackton: To fire on you.
Mike: how…
Mike: The, one of the things is in a box, though.
Tim Sackton: Yes, one of the things is in a box.
Mike: How far away is that?
Tim Sackton: Like, 60 feet, sort of close to the top of the cliff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we do the next part of the plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that again?
Mike: Well, how do we get the thing onto the…
Mike: how do we get the creature onto the… I mean, can we just fly underneath it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could…
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks to the ice.
Mike: Like, there's gotta be a way that we could just fly up to it and, like…
Mike: Are we reduced to frozen?
Eric Rosenbaum: The deck of the ship.
Mike: drop it onto the deck of the ship, right? And then throw up our ice shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trapping it on.
Mike: the ship? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: With us on the ship?
Mike: We want… isn't the whole planting? Get it? Yes, that's… it's an amazing idea.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what's everybody doing?
Mike: Faldric and Seeker would love this. I'm just gonna tell Faldrick the plan. He'll do it!
Mike: We just.
Tim Sackton: And though it's surrounded by a dozen…
Tim Sackton: large flying Direhawks, each with about a… 10-foot wingspan.
Tim Sackton: There's… now, there's about 4 ranks of archers that I've set up, so about 80 archers that lose their arrows on you.
Tim Sackton: From the last… round… Spreading out, so they're… they're loosely packed, but all being… all prepared to…
Tim Sackton: fire again next round. There are more…
Tim Sackton: Of these worms cresting the top.
Tim Sackton: And the ones that are, like, directly…
Tim Sackton: two that were directly below you. The others are sort of spreading north and south along the wall instead of heading up to be underneath the Darshan.
Tim Sackton: Realizing they're vulnerable on the climb. So, what are you doing, Kenzo?
David S. Kong: Tim, first SoulSight, one of these guys?
Tim Sackton: One of the dire birds, one of the dire hawks.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They're CR3.
Tim Sackton: Not so strong. Got it, intelligence.
Tim Sackton: Good at… strength.
Tim Sackton: Not immune or resistant to anything.
David S. Kong: What about.
Tim Sackton: But there's…
David S. Kong: What about con charisma.
Tim Sackton: Well, you just get what they're bad at and what they're good at.
David S. Kong: Okay, so everything in the middle is normal. Yeah. Strength is… is their best, and…
Tim Sackton: Int and Charisma are their worst. There are a dozen of them, so…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool. I'm gonna start, start…
Tim Sackton: One of them is wounded.
David S. Kong: Okay, cool. I also.
Mike: How close is the… sorry, Kenzo, finish, go ahead.
David S. Kong: I was gonna activate,
David S. Kong: Lengao's Claw, so I get a little more reach.
David S. Kong: Is this, like, Indian?
Tim Sackton: I don't know what this is.
David S. Kong: It's, I mean.
Tim Sackton: It's just… yeah, it's just what came up on my Spotify.
Tim Sackton: Combat playlist.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, sir.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, I'll start attacking Tim.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Pick the ones closest to me.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: First attack… 22?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
David S. Kong: Only 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I will attack it again. Wait, hold on, no, I get an extra D6, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: No, Vintage China can move 120 feet.
Mike: What?
David S. Kong: That's pretty good. Another core damage to him on the… on that one hawk. I'll keep attacking the same one.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Just, you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, second.
Tim Sackton: As each blow lands, just tell me how much damage it does. AC15.
David S. Kong: Okay, got it.
David S. Kong: It's 16 plus, 19 damage on the second attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
David S. Kong: Third attack… 23 hits… 13 plus…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To, 15 damage.
David S. Kong: Fourth attack… Is it dead yet? Am I, am I… is it bloody? What's going on with this guy?
Tim Sackton: That's bloodied.
David S. Kong: Fourth attack… oh no! 14!
Tim Sackton: Mrs.
David S. Kong: I use, I get an inspiration, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
David S. Kong: Marting inspiration?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
David S. Kong: Is that a D12 or a D10?
Tim Sackton: E12.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool. That hits now.
David S. Kong: 17 hits… I do… Fine.
David S. Kong: Another… 16 plus… Another 19 damage?
Tim Sackton: Okay?
David S. Kong: I haven't killed it yet?
Tim Sackton: Sorry, this is… your fourth attack was 19… that was your fourth attack was 19? Yes. It's at 3 hit points.
David S. Kong: Alright, well, I'm gonna kill with this last… last strike.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: Scene exactly hits.
David S. Kong: Okay, and I do, yeah, 17 plus… I kill it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so with your last hat, one of these… 12 silvery birds.
Tim Sackton: Collapses and begins to spiral down towards the ground.
Tim Sackton: Welby?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I'm gonna kill some birds! How many can I hit at once with a lightning arrow?
Tim Sackton: 3? Or maybe 4?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Awesome. Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: 3 if you want the main target be the one that's already bloodied, 4 if you just want to hit the most…
Tim Sackton: effective line.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's hit the most effective line.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That is, 31?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Okay, so the bow… the lightning's gonna be a DC-15 deck save… for 46.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, Dex…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: So, 15 saved for half.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: for…
Tim Sackton: I guess so.
Tim Sackton: 3 of them succeed, 1 of them fails.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so there's…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, excuse me, only 3 of them should have saved, because the target at the very end.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the target doesn't get it, so two of them succeed, one of them fails.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Terrific, and then here's some damage for that last one. There's 39.
Tim Sackton: 39 on the last one.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yes, 15, sorry, so a total of… of what, 54.
Tim Sackton: 54, okay, that one's, you know, well past bloody, but not dead.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Alright, here's a bonus action's second attack on a different target.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Whoever's… damaged?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the one that the ice turd hit.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Perfect. 19 to hit?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: And that's… 41.
Tim Sackton: So two of the birds fall from Kenzo and Welby's attacks, when the remaining ones begin to dive bomb Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: let's see, that's… 20 attacks?
Tim Sackton: What's your AC?
David S. Kong: Funny.
Tim Sackton: 20? Okay, so…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: if them hits.
Tim Sackton: So they need.
Mike: Wait, what about Deleth and Seeker?
Tim Sackton: What are you guys doing?
Mike: I'm gonna try and help out Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I have a whole plan to try and reduce the 20 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Mike: I'm gonna cast… I'm gonna summon a flock of, a flock of birds, why not? And cast Conjure Animals.
Mike: on Kenzo's… Well, whatever… how… how… what is the densest packing of… Of that.
Tim Sackton: They're not densely packed at all. I mean, they're… they're dive… they're, like, dive-bombing Kinzo, so they're pretty spread out.
Mike: I'll… I'll put the pack of birds on Kenzo. They have to come within 10 feet of Kenzo to attack him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: No, Contra Animals.
Mike: So, a, a, a, A swarm of… Yes?
David S. Kong: Sorry, really quickly, Tim, Superior Defense, can I abuse that?
Tim Sackton: Not… no, because you made…
Tim Sackton: You use your bonus action to attack.
David S. Kong: I see.
Tim Sackton: You could have if you… if you hadn't done all those attacks.
David S. Kong: Got it, but the bon… it's a… using… using, superior defense as a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's a bonus action.
David S. Kong: Okay, alright.
Mike: So… so I'm gonna summon a swarm of spectral birds to surround Kenzo.
Mike: Cool. And attack anybody who comes within 10 feet of him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Appreciate you.
Tim Sackton: What is… what does it do when it attacks?
Mike: Dc20 deck save, or 5D10 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, what's Seeker doing?
Mike: So that's 20 damage for anybody who…
Mike: 20 damage if you make… if you fail the save, 10 damage if you make the save. Yep.
Mike: And you know what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Since Kenzo's in trouble, I'll use a…
Mike: Sorcery Point to… Quicken that, and then I'll do 4 Eldritch Blasts.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike: Which are 5… Let's see, what's their AC?
Tim Sackton: 15.
Mike: So let's see. To miss, I have to roll a 3? No, a 2?
Mike: Wait, do I arrive at plus 13 and I'll just blast? No, I have a plus 12. I have to roll… yeah, so a 3 would hit.
Mike: So I rolled a 5, a 3, a 14, and a 12. Those all hit.
Mike: But I'm gonna… I'm gonna… I'm gonna do them,
Mike: I'm gonna spread out, like, whoever's the… seems like the most hurt.
Mike: And then move them along one by one.
Tim Sackton: There's only one that's…
Mike: That's injured.
Tim Sackton: slightly hurt. There's 3 that… there's 2 that got hit by lightning, but it's 46, so I forget how much damage that was, but it's…
Mike: Okay, so on the hurt one, I'll do… I did total 24 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so one more dies.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: And then the Conjure Animals is 20 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yup, takes off the last attack.
Tim Sackton: So… Birds don't care, they just dive in.
Tim Sackton: So that's one…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: to…
Tim Sackton: 3…
Mike: If there's anywhere to take better…
Tim Sackton: 6… 7?
Mike: I don't know if there's anywhere within 30 feet that I can go and hide even more hiddenly from the arrows, but if so, I will. If not.
Mike: Not a big deal.
Mike: I don't really know what the layout of Avenger Sharna is.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could go below DAX.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't be able to see.
Tim Sackton: what's happening?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: You could possibly get below decks.
Tim Sackton: In… yeah, 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike: It's okay, I'll just…
Tim Sackton: Okay. And what's Seeker doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm… I have to maintain… Wall of stone.
Tim Sackton: Filtration on the wall, yeah.
Mike: Well, aren't we, like… Flying… isn't our plan to capture the thing and.
Tim Sackton: We're dropping down. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Faldrick is flying, right?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Project is flying.
Mike: But can't we get down the 120… can we get under it in one turn?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: So, can we just… Dispel the icebox, and.
Tim Sackton: Oh, if you drop under it, you're not gonna have cover from the arrows, because they're gonna be shooting straight down onto the deck.
Tim Sackton: Because you'll be below the level of the cliff.
Mike: Well, right, but I mean, there's a lot of build… no, no, no, I mean, there's a lot of buildings, right?
Mike: The top of Vidy Sharna is not just a flat, empty space.
Tim Sackton: such a tree.
Mike: Giant tree, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a greenhouse.
Mike: There's a Shetanshi sanctuary, there's lots of things, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Observatory.
Mike: open…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can have half cover, but it is definitely easier to shoot when you're below them when you're above them.
Mike: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we can put up the icicle shoot, the ice…
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: field.
Mike: But if we drop down, and the thing falls on us, why don't we just put up the icicle shield right away?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just have to get everybody on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shit.
Tim Sackton: But you don't want to leave Kenzo out there. He'll die if he's the only one facing the army by himself.
Mike: Well, yes. Yeah. We need to solve that bit.
David S. Kong: I mean, I can also just run away.
Mike: Yeah, can't Kenza just run?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I can… I can run away, pretty easily.
David S. Kong: Like, it moves, like, 200 feet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, right.
David S. Kong: I'm also a natural being, so I just… I just fly through the… right through the birds and…
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can just fly through the ice yield, actually.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Why would it matter?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Should I just come back to the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike: You should. As soon as the ice shield comes up, you should flee back to the ship, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this turn, I'm coordinating with Faldre.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice Worm.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so you get under the ice room, you release the… you drop the walls. Meanwhile, Kenzo is attacked by…
Tim Sackton: 9 birds.
David S. Kong: Bring it on.
Mike: I guess 20 damage is probably not enough to kill any of them.
Tim Sackton: Money is not enough to kill any of them.
Tim Sackton: So, they're diving at you with their, with their talons.
Tim Sackton: Robbing and, ripping at you.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna be… let's see… one crit, one hit, one hit.
Tim Sackton: So it went to 4 normal hits, and 3…
Tim Sackton: 4 normal hits and 3 critical hits.
David S. Kong: 3 crits? 3… you rolled 3 20s?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can… Oh, did I not roll to… yeah, you can see what I rolled.
Mike: It's 20, D20.
Tim Sackton: It's 20v20. The last two are gone because I rolled for 10 and 9 are killed, so you take away one… one extra hit from the Eldritch Blast.
David S. Kong: Let me.
Tim Sackton: In any case, that's 1, 2, 3, 4 normal hits and 3 20s, so that's 10, effectively 10 hits.
David S. Kong: But let me, let me, collect at least one of them.
Tim Sackton: Yup, you can deflect the first crit, you don't even have to roll, because…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You're gonna automatically deflect that.
Tim Sackton: So now it's 8, but does that…
Mike: Does that kill it before it can hit a second time?
Tim Sackton: The first crit only hit once.
Tim Sackton: So 8 hits is 88 plus 24.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo takes 70 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, it's not plus 24, because the crits… So, minus 6 from that.
Tim Sackton: So, you take 64 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And then… Kenzo… Darts out of the way.
Tim Sackton: Racing down as arrow volleys come, everybody make deck saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bye-bye.
Tim Sackton: So, DC17.
Mike: Mmm… oh… Pass.
Mike: We still have plus 2, right, from partial cover?
Tim Sackton: You still have plus 2, yeah.
Mike: So, 16…
Mike: There's, like, 8 different ways that I could turn a 16 into something higher than that. Seeker, do you want to give me a… well, no, I'll just use my ability, actually. I get it back on a short rest. It's a DC-17, you said?
Tim Sackton: BC17, yep.
Mike: Okay. So, do I need to… do you care how much I beat it by?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: Because rolling 2D4 will add 2, so at minimum I get an 18.
Tim Sackton: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Kong, where did Kenza roll?
David S. Kong: 27.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Kenzo and Wabi continue to take no damage.
Tim Sackton: Daweth takes 12 points of fire damage, and…
Tim Sackton: 9 points of piercing damage, Seeker takes 24 points of fire damage, and 19 points of piercing damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch. My 24 plus 9 is 43.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: the… squiggling Worm drops onto the deck of Vindr Sharna.
Tim Sackton: 20 feet long, it begins thrashing around. The ice shield brings into existence. Are you just running at this point?
Tim Sackton: Faldrick fires a few more ice bolts at a… at a bird.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna kill one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Because a lot of them are dead. We're turning this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gone up and away.
Mike: Wait, can we see through the ice shield?
Tim Sackton: Seeker can, the rest of you can't.
Tim Sackton: Or Frederick can.
Tim Sackton: Seeker and father can.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Because they can do their project consciousness. I mean… I mean, it's a wall.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo can move in and out of it at will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: 2?
Mike: Oh, you know what, I'll use Ghostly Gaze.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Activate Ghostly gifts.
Eric Rosenbaum: icon… Restraining the worm.
Mike: Right? If I activate Ghostly Gaze, the Conjure Animal stays active, and I can get another round of damage on all of the birds, as long as they…
Tim Sackton: Well, they're not gonna fly in… they're not gonna fly into the conjure Animals without Kenzo in there to lure them in.
Mike: but I can…
Mike: well, I can either… I'll either… I'll chase something with the conjure animals, it lasts for 10 minutes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: How fast does it move?
Mike: It only moves 30 feet, so…
Tim Sackton: Birds move 90, so none of them are… you can't reach any of the birds. I'll just sweep the archers.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Right? The archers are… I mean, they might be running away. If… if everybody just runs away, and we're ready to go, whatever, right?
Mike: But since I can… since I can use Ghostly Gaze to see out, I don't need a line of effect, since it already exists, but the spell says it can only be people who…
Mike: You have to see the creature in order to…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can… you can probably manage to…
Tim Sackton: Get a hand, you know, a half dozen more archers with this.
Mike: Oh, you can certainly…
Tim Sackton: Clean up the, the… You know, once…
Tim Sackton: the archers are in loose ranks, right? And once the ice shield goes up, there's not that much more they can do.
Tim Sackton: Right. So they begin to form, you know, they begin to, you know, reform into marching lines.
Tim Sackton: skirmisher pattern, right? Like, spread out.
Tim Sackton: You… You can get, yeah, say, like, half a dozen before they,
Tim Sackton: you know, if they dash, you can never catch them, right? So once they realize what's going on…
Tim Sackton: They just dash away from the animals.
Mike: Well, then I'll have them…
Tim Sackton: shut some down.
Mike: I'll have them… I'll run them around, see if there's any of the creepy crawlies coming up that are…
Mike: that are, I guess that I might be all too far away.
Mike: Anyway, let's move on.
Tim Sackton: And nothing's close enough to Vinja Sharma now. Every… the closest Creepy crawly is, like, 120 feet away… is out of range of daylight, you can't see them.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right, all you can see is what's within them.
Tim Sackton: That's a scary.
Mike: Let's hand it over to the scientists.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike: What's wrong at this point?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as you begin to run,
Tim Sackton: So, it's… like, it… what it looks like when it… when you first get it, it's like…
Tim Sackton: a long… metallic, Shell.
Tim Sackton: That has, like, spikes and handholds growing out of it.
Tim Sackton: It looks…
Tim Sackton: you know, it looks… it almost looks like a miniature version of the centipede once you get it up close. It's like…
Tim Sackton: Much smaller.
Tim Sackton: Segmented, sort of squirming around a little bit, but…
Tim Sackton: As you get… as you begin to flee and you get further away, it starts to…
Tim Sackton: Decohere a little bit.
Tim Sackton: like… It almost looks like there'll be…
Tim Sackton: Like, bubbles that, like a… just a… like, a bubble pops out of… weird, like.
Tim Sackton: a bubble of… it looks like mercury or something like that. There'll just be, like.
Tim Sackton: Bubbles sticking out of its…
Tim Sackton: of its back, and then it'll collapse back in, and 3 more will spring out. It just… it's kinda…
Tim Sackton: Like, almost, like, pulsating and… and…
Tim Sackton: Hissing, you begin to hear a sort of hissing noise.
Tim Sackton: As Vinjasarna begins to move further away, Suddenly stops moving.
Tim Sackton: And it, like, begins almost dripping. It's like the clock in Dolly, in the Dolly painting that just sort of starts to…
Tim Sackton: Drip almost across the deck.
Tim Sackton: this is after maybe 5 minutes. There doesn't seem to be any… like, it's not… you can… use…
Tim Sackton: I don't know what you use, but you can poke, you know, pokers or whatever.
Mike: H hand, can I pick up?
Tim Sackton: A mage hand just… Predit.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's almost rubbery when you try and pick it up with mage hand. Like, it stretches, then it snaps back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try to store some in a container.
Tim Sackton: It's like… it's like mercury mixed with Play-Doh.
Tim Sackton: Or oobleck, it's like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Oobleck made of mercury.
Mike: Is it magic?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Tim Sackton: It is… It is ex- it is not from this plane. It is Extra Planner.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
Mike: It's from Limbo, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Can we plague shift to Limbo with this?
Mike: I mean, that seems like a horrible idea, and why would we want to? But… can we plain.
Eric Rosenbaum: To reserve the option.
Tim Sackton: very likely could use this as a… to make a focus for Libro, yes.
Mike: We should do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We… we'll bottle a little bit of this thing.
Mike: Does it sever with, like, if you cut it with a sword?
Tim Sackton: Do you try cutting it with a sword?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Who's… who's cutting it with a sword?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Pull a spare sword from the army? I feel like I'm… I'm quick. Yeah, I'll run over and chop a corner off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goggles on for safety.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Goggles on you for safety! I'm the one running over and cutting it.
Tim Sackton: Make a dexterity.
Eric Rosenbaum: buckle spending.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, no!
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, look, I…
Tim Sackton: Last of some kind of…
Mike: Did you roll something very bad?
Tim Sackton: Or the 15.
Mike: Do you want to roll again with Heroic Inspire?
Tim Sackton: You have many ways to roll again, it might not be a bad idea.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, sure, why not?
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's a failure, at 28 of mine.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: 28th's a little better.
Tim Sackton: So use your heroic inspiration to rule again. You dodge out of the way just in time as, like, a…
Tim Sackton: Burst of some kind of…
Tim Sackton: Vapor shoots out of the place where you cut it, and then you see this, like, little dribble of…
Tim Sackton: Of, like, liquid.
Tim Sackton: Sort of bubbling out, and then dribbling out, and it then kind of forms, and it, like, solidifies very quickly.
Tim Sackton: But you dodge out of the way of the burst of vapor, it does not hit you in the face.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think what we could get from the Philosopher's Guild for this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, is it a creature or an object? Like, what even is it?
Tim Sackton: It's now stopped moving after about 10… it has no… Penzo tried soul-setting, and it has no…
Tim Sackton: consciousness or soul of any kind. It's… it seems like it's… A construct. A construct, or…
Tim Sackton: like, a vehicle, or… it's hard to say exactly what it is, but it's not a creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that I'm wearing my goggles, I suppose I could cast Identify.
Tim Sackton: you… yes, you have to touch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I touch it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a constitution saving throw?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a concentration check? And then I hit cancel.
Tim Sackton: high concentrations.
Tim Sackton: Oh, 18, okay, Seeker's okay. You feel… your hand feels weird as you touch it to identify it.
Tim Sackton: Like, it starts to get… Cold, and a little bit… numb?
Tim Sackton: But you just kind of… shake off the effect. For a minute. Kinda like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Europe.
Tim Sackton: Like, for a minute, it almost looks like your hand is beginning to… change… shape?
Tim Sackton: Like, shift into who knows what, but then you, like, concentrate, and you hold on, and nothing happens to it.
Tim Sackton: Your identify spell reveals this is… Chaos Metal.
Tim Sackton: It is… from limbo.
Tim Sackton: What it… I mean, it's not a magic item, it doesn't have, like…
Tim Sackton: Uses or anything, but it is,
Tim Sackton: So you do learn a few crucial things. It is… Quite dangerous.
Tim Sackton: It is, it is a sort of… Wow.
Tim Sackton: Disruptor of Permanence.
Tim Sackton: It is not, It just causes…
Tim Sackton: You might say chaos to spread.
Tim Sackton: It can shift form, it can shift
Tim Sackton: Phase, from vapor to liquid to solid to…
Tim Sackton: Plasma to the three other phases of matter that only exist in limbo, that are hard to describe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, I like that.
Tim Sackton: But it is very dangerous to work with, because…
Tim Sackton: Unless you are… unless it is properly controlled, It can also…
Tim Sackton: Change and disrupt organic matter it comes into contact with.
Eric Rosenbaum: In what way?
Tim Sackton: It's chaotic, it's hard to predict.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's great.
Tim Sackton: And you also get the sense that the further away you get from the Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: The less controlled this is.
Tim Sackton: Like, you can tell this from your Identify spell, she is exerting some kind of control.
Tim Sackton: Over this chaos medal.
Mike: When we kill her, is it gonna be really bad, and all the chaos Metal is gonna go crazy chaos?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this thing sort of shut down, though.
Tim Sackton: It is all… yeah, I mean, it's shutting down. It is also shutting down the further away from where you get.
Tim Sackton: Right, okay. You just want to be careful with it, like, don't…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not gonna, like, explode or something.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: A fly of heart.
Tim Sackton: explode.
Mike: You know, it becomes inert, but dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, if somebody, you know, if somebody.
Mike: Don't try and forge a sword out of it.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Yes, don't lick it.
David S. Kong: Aww.
Mike: I mean, if you would like to turn into some sort of… non-Euclidean… shape.
Mike: A fourth form, a new form of matter only that only exists in limbo.
David S. Kong: Right. And so, the whole, like, coming from limbo thing.
David S. Kong: Limbo? Is that the ca- like, you know, is that from when we, like, gave, Faustro the scrolls?
Mike: No, that's pandemonium.
Tim Sackton: Animonium? Limbo was, like, Shamat's home domain.
Mike: What's the difference?
Eric Rosenbaum: difference between Limbo.
Mike: on Pandemonium again?
Tim Sackton: Limbo is just, like, pure chaos. It's like… The…
Tim Sackton: the plane of disorder. It's the… It's the…
Tim Sackton: But it also tends to have, like, a little bit of an elemental… it's like… has… it's not associated with…
Tim Sackton: Like, madness, or the mind, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: pandemonium is not so much chaos, it's… it's madness. It's associated with, like… like, canthropy and werewolves and…
Tim Sackton: insanity. It's known for… Pandemonium is known for the howling winds that…
Tim Sackton: make it almost impossible to think on the plane. Limbo is just… Complete chaos enters.
Mike: It's more like elemental chaos, and Pandemarium is more like directed chaos.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're.
Mike: malicious, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Pandemonium's more malicious than limbo. More evil, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, pandemonium is, like, you know, directed at… at… Yeah, it's like… it's like…
Tim Sackton: Pandemonium is psychological, limbo is, you know…
Tim Sackton: States of matter that shouldn't exist, or just things changing willy-nilly at will without any predictable way, but it's not…
Tim Sackton: Psychological or malicious in the way that pandemonium is.
Mike: Is there an empty… Limbo Queen? Do we know?
Mike: Like, a point of order, and regularity, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: like, crystalline.
Eric Rosenbaum: Structure, plane.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's an anti-limbo plane.
Tim Sackton: That's cool.
Mike: Can we find an antidote to the… I mean, not that… Could we… could we,
Mike: We probably don't have enough time. We need 7 days to research something, right? I was wondering, could Vinja Sharna find out if there's an antidote to Chaos Metal?
Tim Sackton: Not before the battle.
Mike: Yeah, no, I know, 7 days. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it obviously dislikes ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. There's a kind of vulnerability there.
Tim Sackton: Or, it's chaos, so it's vulnerable to one random thing that changes every hour, you have no idea.
David S. Kong: Well, it's also only resistant to ice.
David S. Kong: When I sold.
Tim Sackton: Empress of Chaos is resistant to ice.
Mike: Yeah, the Chaos Medal itself.
Tim Sackton: The chaos medal is chaos, right? It's probably immune to one random thing, and vulnerable to one random thing, and they change every 20 minutes or something.
David S. Kong: one.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: So it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: How should we store it?
Mike: Yeah, fair.
Tim Sackton: The further away you get, it eventually just…
Tim Sackton: Once you're about 2 miles away, it just stops.
Tim Sackton: it seems complete… I mean, you still probably wouldn't want to…
Tim Sackton: Touch it, and it's taking up a lot of space.
Tim Sackton: But… so it is actually a bit tricky how to store it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: I guess you could just build a box over it to keep people from accidentally transmuting themselves.
Mike: Just put up little traffic codes. Warning.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: gas spell.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Do not touch.
Mike: Do not touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of typical for…
Tim Sackton: what you see wandering around the deck of our shit. Yeah, I mean, Faldrick will find a way to…
Tim Sackton: Transported to the workshop over the, you know, once the battle's over and you've got a few days to figure it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: But it's not… there's nothing more… I mean…
Mike: Okay.
Mike: There's nothing obvious that we can do with it before the battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the interesting thing about it being chaotic is that there's a kind of inherent neutrality to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. It might have some property that we could make use of.
Mike: But we're probably not gonna be able to learn enough to control it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't really have a lot of time, you expect, and…
Tim Sackton: These… the ones on the… on the snakes were moving substantially faster than the centipede.
Tim Sackton: So if they stay on the small stakes, you've got… At best, 12 hours.
Tim Sackton: And likely less before they reach the heart rate.
Mike: So it's time to scuttle towards the heartwood and take a rest.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yep, let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So, it's gonna take Vinder Sharna…
Tim Sackton: So what do they say? It's like 35-ish miles from here. Let me double check.
Mike: Alright, Benjamin goes… 10 miles an hour.
Tim Sackton: So it's, yeah, it's like 39… it's 38 miles from…
Tim Sackton: here to 39, let's just say it's 35. It's 35 miles from here to the heart route. So that's 3.5 hours.
Tim Sackton: If you just fly on Victor or not.
Tim Sackton: If it takes them… if they get there in 12 hours, that's cutting it really close to getting along bus.
Tim Sackton: I guess in a long way.
Mike: I'm ready to shine.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, starting out.
Tim Sackton: But then…
Mike: Seeker is gonna teleport.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: The Seeker is gonna teleport ahead. Actually, we could all teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Yeah, we should do that.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We can all just teleport, and then Secret can cast Maharaja Khanna.
Mike: And then we can rest there, and Vinisherna can fly through the night. Let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about Seeker 5?
Mike: So you can come with us on the teleport, it carries 8 people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he ready yet?
Tim Sackton: Anchor 5's done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great. Okay. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so go ahead and roll your D100.
Mike: This is gonna be the time Seeker fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, so which part of the table are we in for this one?
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna say… This is probably… I'm casually.
Mike: Is it wise to be teleporting? Hold on a second, hold on, hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's technically…
Tim Sackton: Technically, it's viewed once or described, but Kenzo has a really deep connection to the heart route, so I think with Kenzo's help, you can get up to scene casually.
Tim Sackton: So you have a 45% chance of being on Turkey.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That's not accurate, though, because it is literally impossible to fail at teleporting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's correct, I'm gonna roll.
David S. Kong: And if he misses, then what happens?
Mike: Well, if we are just off target, it doesn't really matter.
Mike: Because.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We Rainbow Bridge.
Mike: we're just 2D12 miles away, right? So, I mean, depending on
Mike: It's similar area, right, is potentially a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just slightly worse sleeping accommodations.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Why wouldn't we just Rainbow Bridge back to Vendresharna and do the long rest on Vendresharna on the way over? Like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That doesn't seem like much.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Wow. From the outside.
Mike: That's true, we just don't get the Mirage Akhana. We're…
Mike: Where we lose the ability to Mirage Akana.
Mike: We don't get 3 wishes.
Mike: If Teleport fails, we don't get 3 wishes. We only get 2.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, and… here we go.
Tim Sackton: But Teleport can't fail.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, top part never fails.
Mike: What are you guys talking about.
Tim Sackton: about with teleport failing.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It's so funny.
Eric Rosenbaum: 90s.
Mike: I don't know!
Eric Rosenbaum: thumbnails.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It doesn't even make sense that it's possible, yeah.
Mike: You're right, you're right. It can't fail. I've… who knows?
David S. Kong: Did we get it?
Mike: Seeker… Seeker just knows where he's going.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I recall that.
Mike: It's in his name, I guess, right there, in his names.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker. Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I like the idea that Seeker doesn't have a concept that teleport could fail. Like, the first time it does, it's gonna come as a total shock.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. As far as secrets, I mean, it can… it can… you can be dragged through walls of force, maybe? Like, you've had mishaps.
Tim Sackton: But you've never gotten to the wrong spot.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
David S. Kong: Guys…
David S. Kong: We have one month left in the campaign. We're not… there's no… there's not gonna be a failed teleport between now and Nantucket.
Mike: At some point, Seeger just has to bounce, like, through a hundred places so that he eventually fails, just to see what happens.
Mike: Yeah, I'll be there.
Tim Sackton: you…
David S. Kong: That'll be the denouement, denouement of the whole…
Mike: Exactly.
David S. Kong: It's…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeker, like…
David S. Kong: Passing teleport to go on vacation.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's keep moving, because, you know, there's still a Boston to get.
David S. Kong: Rolls on 1.
Tim Sackton: Now, you appear… 9pm at night.
Tim Sackton: A little after 9, 9.15 at night, at the,
Tim Sackton: army camp outside of the heart route.
Tim Sackton: It is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: tense.
Tim Sackton: People are… are nervous, they're expecting battle soon.
Tim Sackton: pacing around the, you know, you're… you talk to Martin, you sort of…
Tim Sackton: go around cheering people up, you make your plans. Martin's, gathered a group of…
Tim Sackton: About 400 people who are willing to be turned into beasts, if you can get that many people.
Tim Sackton: I think we calculated that one person can… one spell could do 250 if you really packed them in.
Mike: the…
Tim Sackton: The…
Mike: I think it's worth using both of our 8th level slots for animal shapes.
Mike: But Animal Shapes last 24 hours, and Seeker hasn't used his 8th level spell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, Seekers is free, but Seeker 5 cannot restore spell slots.
Mike: I know. But Seeker could do one today and one tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Mike: Let's build that free. So, secret, get to it!
Tim Sackton: No, wait, I don't think you can cast animal shapes twice.
Mike: Oh, no, it ends when you cast it a second time, that is correct.
Tim Sackton: That seems like it would be…
Mike: No, no, no, you're right, it ends when you cast it, I'm sure it does.
Mike: But it still is worth casting to… casting tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Actually, it doesn't…
Tim Sackton: It doesn't actually say it.
Mike: It doesn't actually say that.
Mike: It actually doesn't say… I thought it did, but it does not say that you…
Mike: It does not actually say that it ends.
Tim Sackton: I would just say, you can't… You can't,
Tim Sackton: So, it's not gonna be the sort of thing where you can…
Tim Sackton: Flip them to new shapes all the time.
Tim Sackton: Like, when's he cast it again?
Tim Sackton: They remain in that form until they end it as a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: But you can't magic action to change the form again of the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: first…
Tim Sackton: Group, once you create the site.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: Which is fine, because you're just gonna pick a beast, and that's what the… I think it was, what, Rhinos or something? Where did you pick?
Mike: it was.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Elephant.
Mike: I think are too big.
Mike: Because it can only be large, right?
Tim Sackton: I don't think there's a size limit, it's just CR4.
Tim Sackton: Oh, large or smaller.
Mike: smaller.
Tim Sackton: Join us.
Mike: Elephants are huge.
Mike: We wanted something with a fair bit of hit points.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think… I don't know, rhinos are only…
Tim Sackton: Well, we can figure that out.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, I'll, I'll work out how to make you figure that out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Martin proposes that, you know, the best thing to do is to
Tim Sackton: So the… the army can set up almost like… like, there's a… there's a path that winds up along the river to the…
Tim Sackton: Along a… it's really a stream.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Into the entrance of this valley.
Tim Sackton: the army can set up, like, an ambush, basically, and if you use Mirage Arcana to make A.
Mike: epics.
Tim Sackton: A mountain rang… basically a mountain range at the…
Tim Sackton: Beginning at the top of the valley.
Tim Sackton: Then, they'll come up the clear path, but they won't be able to get… they'll have to go around into the hills in order to get to the…
Tim Sackton: root itself.
Tim Sackton: So it'll block the passage of the army pretty effectively, and allow the Rangers, who will likely do better
Tim Sackton: With guerrilla tactics, where they're, you know, not ex… they're not gonna…
Tim Sackton: They're definitely not gonna win if they have to line up in, you know, infantry rows and face off against the Hobgoblins. So the more that the Hobgoblins have to…
Tim Sackton: Wander their way through the woods and, you know, navigate…
Mike: Oh, hey, there's a stream?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a stream.
Mike: Can we use Mirage Akhana to make the stream a little bit bigger?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, so it looks large, and then we have…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hippopotamus was our target creature. 82 hit points.
Mike: they do 16 damage on a hit. They make 2 bite attacks.
Mike: Their only downside is kind of a weak deck save and crappy initiative, but they can also hold their breath for 10 minutes. So they can all be in the water.
Mike: Along the stream. Fill the stream up with hippos.
Mike: I think that's our best.
Tim Sackton: So, you discuss your plans, and then you rest.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: We might want a couple of giant scorpions.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: But I don't know if that's worth it.
Tim Sackton: Making the river into a lake?
Tim Sackton: And then putting a bunch of hippos…
Mike: Yeah, I like that better.
Tim Sackton: in the lake.
Tim Sackton: Sandwiched with archers in the woods alongside, like, make it so that there's a hill, a waterfall coming down off the hill, and a big pool beneath it.
Tim Sackton: with no obvious way where to go… I mean, you can go through the woods around the hill, right? But hippos come out of the water, archers come down.
Mike: That's the point.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Love it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So we'll have, we'll have 400 hippos.
Mike: And as they die in hippo form.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's all temp hit points, so then they just…
Mike: death as rangers.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, these are mostly… it's a mix of lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: Rangers, militia, folk, it's a mix of people.
Mike: So they have those pretty good. AC14.
Mike: They're pretty… they're actually pretty tough. 14AC, Yeah.
Mike: There's a reason hippos are the most dangerous creatures in the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, the…
Tim Sackton: you… you rest.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's watches set along the entrance to the… To the Valley, where the…
Tim Sackton: Where the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The sort of obvious path… the clearest path through the woods would be
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This is outside the Ranger Moon.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Mirage Arcana, and by…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So the one disadvantage of this is you won't get your massive amount of temporary hit points, because you're not resting in the.
Mike: That's true.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But you wake in the pre-dawn light, just as the sun is beginning to…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Crest over the mountains to the…
Tim Sackton: Sound of the scouts coming back to report that the… Hobgoblins have been sighted.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: about… At the… at the base of this… of this stream that flows out of the valley, so maybe…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 5 miles of that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 8 miles apart is something.
Mike: as the part of the love of the rest.
Tim Sackton: hour to prepare.
Mike: I'm gonna… I'm gonna make a meal, so everybody gets… Heroic inspiration.
Mike: Kenzo doesn't need it, because humans get it automatically, right? So, I'm gonna take… take 3 of the commanders.
Mike: who might… have some… I guess they're humans too, in theory, they'd have… but if there's…
Tim Sackton: You can… Seeker 5 probably wants some heroic. Oh, yeah.
Mike: Seeker 5, for sure.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: But then I can give out 2 more to… if there's some Wizardfolk commanders or something like that, anybody for whom it would be useful.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And Seeker… Is Seeker 5 using his 8th level slot, too?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I thought Seeker was just doing…
Tim Sackton: So Seeker's using an 8th level slot.
Mike: He used one last night, and one this morning.
Tim Sackton: Morgan.
Mike: And he could turn everybody into a hippo, and then…
Mike: Trigger the second spell, and then they are stuck as hippos until…
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so I will mark off, since Eric is dealing with baby stuff, I'll mark off on Seeker's character. So everybody long rest.
Tim Sackton: Do whatever aid or anything you're gonna do.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But yeah.
Mike: I will also cast Aid.
David S. Kong: What's the hope?
Mike: So you get… that's the one that gives you more hit points.
Mike: So, yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You get, you get 20 extra hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: some… We should all drink the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: brew from the pub to be immune to fear. We should give that to as many of the soldiers, too, as can…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so Avenger Sharina arrives in the morning. It arrives before the army, but not long… Avenger Sharona arrives about the same time.
Tim Sackton: As the, you know, Wait, you know, the scouts showing up to say that you've got
Tim Sackton: You know, the army is about an hour away. The Hobgoblins are about an hour away.
Tim Sackton: Beginning to march up through the forest. Scouts report no signs of…
Tim Sackton: centipede creatures or anything. But the… the Hobgoblins all…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are wearing, like, silver gauntlets that cover their hands.
Tim Sackton: And their weapons are shimmering.
Tim Sackton: With a silver…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean…
Mike: Everybody who can't will distribute.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know how many people we can distribute the pub special to, but…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Immune to Frightened is worthwhile. Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is there anything else we can do with ours?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Preparations continue.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Who are… who's getting hit points from aid?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: henzo, deal with, and… Wealthy. Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, what is that?
Tim Sackton: 20.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the extra, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'll do that for constants.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, but I'm just adding the 20 HP that…
Tim Sackton: That was gave you.
David S. Kong: consider it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, you did already?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, anything else that you're doing before the battle starts?
Mike: I'm just trying to think if there's anything else. There's not really anything else we can do.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: with.
Mike: The wa- the, because it's all…
Mike: Yeah, I think, I think, I think that's about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think my spell slots are up to date, Tim, sorry, I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: I think I… I long-rested you, and then you're using the 8th level slot for…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A second round of animal shapes this morning, but you should have all your other slots.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's… Right?
Tim Sackton: Is that correct?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well… I've marked off a 5th level 1.
Mike: But we rested.
Tim Sackton: No, you rested. So I did long rest while you were out dealing with the baby, so if you reload your character sheet, it should be correct.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I have to reload the page.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go.
Tim Sackton: Quiet descent over…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the valley.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As the hippos retreat to the illusory lake.
Tim Sackton: Behind the illusory.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: hell.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Archers and soldiers begin to drift into the woods, lining up shots.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And Gorilla attacks for when the hippos burst out of the illusory water and attack the hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: A number of lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: Skirmishers have also…
Tim Sackton: who can hold their breath for 30 minutes have also climbed into the lake with the hippos, so that lizardfolk riding hippos can ride out of the lake to attack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Hobgoblins.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Amazing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Where are you all… where is Vindersharna positioned, and where are you all positioned?
Mike: I think Vidy Sharna should be…
Mike: Floating is, like, should we be an obvious target?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, we're trying to… we're gonna… we're gonna specifically go after the… Yes.
David S. Kong: That's, that's awesome.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But we need to find it, right? So, I mean, and finding our inventor Sharna is probably the easiest way to, I mean.
Mike: Verdisharna moves fast, it moves 120 feet.
Mike: That's faster than most of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: She also moves very, very fast, like.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: In a scenario where she has true sight, sees through the illusion, or otherwise knows how to get to the heart root.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Like, she could outrun us to get there.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It might be smart to try and be there rather than intercepting her, but what do you think?
Mike: Do we think… I think we should be…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I think we should be…
Mike: Flying in Vidyasharna.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Between… on the…
Mike: Somewhere that's positioned so that we're not… so that we're between where the army's gonna come and…
Mike: The heart rate. Like, I don't… there's not a map of the battlefield, right? So it's a little bit hard to…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the valley itself is not…
Tim Sackton: is not large, right? I mean, the valley of the heartroot is pretty small.
Mike: No, I mean, I don't need you to make… I'm just saying, what we're trying to achieve is to position Vintra Sharna somewhere so that we can see what's going on, so that we can start to move in towards the Empress or something, but also where…
Mike: At least when the battle… when the engagement starts, she can't easily dart past us towards the herd.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We want to be… we want to be on the heart-root side of the Bible.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that if we see her just start flying towards us or something, we can just cut her off.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, if she goes way around or something like that, I don't know
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Jim, question about the heart route.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, again, you know, I've been commuting with it, all this stuff. Is it, like… how large is this?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, I mean, technically the heartroot itself is… .
Tim Sackton: I mean, Kenza could have visited it last night, right? Like, so there's this… there's a valley that's…
Tim Sackton: That's lightly wooded, but becomes sort of densely wooded.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: sort of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: closer in, right? So there's a valley with hills around the side, wooded valley, a little stream runs through it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The valley itself is maybe only a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 1,500 feet from one end to the next, right? It's definitely… or 1,000 feet, it's not a huge…
Tim Sackton: valley lengthwise. The stream runs out, and then maybe a quarter or half a mile.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Below the, sort of.
Tim Sackton: Beginning of the valley is where the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: illusory.
Tim Sackton: Mountain now stands, so from the battlefield, You can't even see.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: where the valley is, and you can't really get to it. I mean, you can if you could fly over the mountain rink, but the army will have a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: has to go around and then descend the hills. My question, though, because, you know, the whole… the… her whole goal is to, like, stab.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, so the harbor, it's not very big. It's like a… it's like, basically a mound of dirt in this… or a mound of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's not just dirt, right? It's like…
Tim Sackton: just living, rich, like, growing vines and twisting things.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: cubed? Like, what, what, how big is it? Maybe 10 feet by 10 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, if this is sort of like a football, like, kind of strategy, like, thing, like, I think we do want to be, like, we need to be able to get close to that thing. If she's got some crazy strategy to, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, if the whole army is there just to distract and whatever, and her whole thing is to get to that specific spot as close as possible, we definitely need to be…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cluster 2.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, if she darts past us somehow, then, you know, the holding is fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What goes around behind?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, I guess we could… we could…
Mike: But if we… if we position ourselves by the heart route, we're basically…
Mike: Last line of defense. We can't do much until somebody comes towards us, right?
David S. Kong: I mean, or do we have a way to get to the… can we dimension door, or whatever? Can we, like… is there a way to be a little bit farther, and instantly get there if we need to?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: How far away is the heart room?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, the Haruts… the Harroots at the middle of this…
Tim Sackton: Of this valley. The valley is a thousand feet from one end to the other.
Tim Sackton: Then the battlefield is about 3 quarters of a mile.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, below the…
Tim Sackton: Entrance to the village.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So it's like…
Mike: It's, like, almost a mile from…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's, like, 4,000 feet from…
Tim Sackton: from the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Battlefield to the heart.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's how we could get dimension to that. I mean, Seeker could.
Tim Sackton: From the.
Mike: Double this.
Tim Sackton: From the entrance, from the, like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: beginning of the valley, you could dimension door to the heart.
Tim Sackton: And the battlefield is too far away.
Tim Sackton: was to sort of add a second round of hiding the heart… Right, right.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right, right, right.
Mike: So, I mean, Seeker could Dimension Dora if you doubled it 3 times. Can you double something 3 times?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can… although it's riskier.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right. Because 500,000… 1 is a thousand, two is two, yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 3 doubles would give you 4,000.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's guaranteed to work, but it's risky.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But I just… I don't know, I…
Mike: We should, we should, I'm happy with whatever. My feeling is that…
Mike: If we are waiting by the heart route itself.
David S. Kong: No, let's be a little further away.
Mike: We won't be able to engage in the battle.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's just position ourselves as far away, but close enough that if we need to immediately go there, we can.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Just capture the flag, you know what I mean? This is not… this is like, yay!
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Hobgoblins…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The battle begins… well, the battle doesn't begin, but the waiting begins. Vindr Sharna is positioned, sort of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know, at the far end of the lake, basically, so that you're sort of in between where the initial encounter will…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: will occur.
Tim Sackton: And the heart root, but not, like, right on top of the heart root.
Tim Sackton: You can see from Vindrasharna, the Hobgoblins marching up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Through the forest.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: in… Ranks, mixed archers, sorcerers, they are burning the forest as they go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Chopping down trees and just, like, light, you know, lighting fires, just making chaos, basically, as they go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Things are…
Tim Sackton: There… there are 9… Birds, kind of flying above, scouting out the battlefield.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You can also see, like, from, you know, they'll chop down a tree and stick a torch in some woods and it'll catch on fire, and somebody will…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like… Throw something on the fire, and there's a… Spark and, like, a…
Tim Sackton: ash world.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Windstorm will form there, and then begin moving through the trees, kind of flanking the army.
Tim Sackton: So as they march, there's more and more of these.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Whirlwind burning storms forming.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I still do not see the Empress of Chaos.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The rangers hold their position, hippos hold their position.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: just…
Tim Sackton: Occasionally sticking their… You know, their nostrils out to catch a breath as they wait.
Tim Sackton: for the… Army to be within range of this ambush.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And where's the Empress, specifically? Like, Kenza.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kenzo takes a minute and concentrates your site,
Tim Sackton: The Empress is towards the back of the army.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Last one?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm gonna cast Gladness as we're waiting, just in case I need to, like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A few more minutes pass.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Army begins to approach.
Tim Sackton: Along the shores of this lake.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Should we, do we have a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 9th level spell plan to go. We saving for…
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike: asking…
Tim Sackton: Just interrupt me and tell me what you do.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's try and keep it moving a little bit. Yep.
Tim Sackton: You're waiting on Vinder Sharna with…
Tim Sackton: Faldrick and a few others,
Tim Sackton: Ready to launch the ice turrets on your command? The army begins to move up the right side of the lake, not splitting
Tim Sackton: Trying not to split their forces.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Swords drawn, arrows at the ready. You see what look like some… Sorcerers or mages moving through.
Tim Sackton: Vinjasarna is waiting.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I think we should watch an incendiary dragon as soon as they're within.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 200… 100 and… 200 feet, or… as soon as the front ranks are within 200 feet, we should make a dragon up here and start raking them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The illusory? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I think the fear effect is only when it first appears, so we want to, like, maximize how many people are in view of it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, the fear… it only lasts for a minute. I would actually try and maximize the number of times I can sweep along a rank
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Trigger a 60-foot… 60-foot cone is pretty…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Can get a lot of people, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, if you can get some of the wizards with a… if you can trigger a fear effect with…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Mike: With some of the spellcasters, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: And any of your kids…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: enemies that can see it, there's no range. So if it appears in the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yep.
Mike: Literally, anybody who can see it.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Exactly.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Whose… whose 9th level slot is being used for that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, see?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeker 5 or Seeker? Seeker 5.
Mike: I'd use Seeker Fives, yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, Seeker 5. And Seeker 5 also used… did Seeker 5 use his 8th level slot? Nope. Okay, so Seeker just used the 8th level slot. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Dragon appears, suddenly, chaos breaks out among the ranks.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hobgoblins, arrows, fire, many of them… holding…
Tim Sackton: They're placed unable to move closer to the dragon, as the hippos take this moment to…
Tim Sackton: Crash through the lake, and there's a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: storm of hippos, running forward, up, gathering momentum as they run, many of them with, lizardfolk, like, skirmishers with dual…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Blades mounted on them, slashing as they go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And as the hippos crash into this front rink of frightened Hobgoblins, the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Rangers and militia begin raining arrows down on their…
Tim Sackton: On their far flank.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And the battle is joined as…
Tim Sackton: Fireballs begin to explode. Many of the archers train their arrows on the dragon.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the infantry…
Tim Sackton: forms ranks…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Disciplined despite the fear, holding their ground unable to charge, but fighting back against the hippos.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Still no move.
Tim Sackton: from the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Empress as the rear… Troops begin to.
Tim Sackton: move forward to reinforce.
Mike: The dragon can do a sweeping attack of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What? Probably, like… Not fire or cold, maybe lightning?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What damage type do we want? Acid, lightning, Necrotic, or poison?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: let's say…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, the dragonfly is making… making… Sweeping attacks.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: should concentrate on spellcasters to the extent that it can get close. I mean, it can move 60 feet, and the code is 60 feet, so it'll try to criss-cross hitting as many spellcasters as it can.
Tim Sackton: What are you… what are the five of you, including Seeker 5, doing… now?
Tim Sackton: Still just on Vinisharna?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah…
Mike: I mean, no signs of movement from the… Chaos.
Tim Sackton: the army, I mean, the army is now forming ranks on the lines, you know, trying to defend this
Tim Sackton: narrow bit of ground between the lake and the trees.
Mike: Oh, how many… how big is the army?
Tim Sackton: Was about 3,000.
Tim Sackton: You, you killed a… er… Yeah, maybe 2,500, you killed about a third of it.
Tim Sackton: the dragon is, you know, killing more, right? It's killing dozens with each swoop. Right.
Tim Sackton: The hippos are having a fact that…
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin line is… is wavering, but the…
Tim Sackton: Sort of elemental ash creatures that are sort of moving up the ranks.
Tim Sackton: Now get in among the archers and the rangers and begin to cause… wreck havoc among them.
Tim Sackton: Disrupting the ranger lines, forcing, reinforcements now to.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: move into Mei Li and start to move to protect the.
Tim Sackton: Archer as well, the… Battlefield along the lake devolves into chaos as the… Means.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It'd be, I was gonna say…
Mike: we could throw… I mean, Tsunami Cast takes a minute to cast.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In the course of a battle, a minute's not that long.
Mike: You could throw in a tsunami, As the second…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Move.
Tim Sackton: Tsunami doesn't distinguish friend and foe.
Mike: No, I know. You'd have to put it… no, no, no, you just put it in the back.
Mike: You control which way it goes.
Mike: Right? So if it starts…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 20 feet in from the front line, and goes…
Mike: backwards along the enemy line. But I don't… what does the battle look like right now? As the battle is joined in the first 90 seconds.
Tim Sackton: And so…
Mike: dragonflies around. I just don't have a good sense of…
Tim Sackton: So you have the lake, you've got the forest, the battle is in between the lake and the forest, with the Hobgoblins essentially forming two lines facing out, archers coming down from one side.
Tim Sackton: Lizardfolk mounted on hippos coming up from the other side.
Mike: So the Hobgoblins are trying to make a move like this in Ark.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Troops are like a pincer around them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but then there's the Chaos Elementals moving into the forest where the archers are.
Tim Sackton: sort of chaos.
Mike: troops are in front of the… behind the lake, right? So, like, if the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Do you see what I mean? Like.
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, it… Yeah, there's some, right? I mean, they've…
Tim Sackton: as they were marching up, they tighten up, right? So they're not…
Tim Sackton: a long, spread-out train, they're expecting combat.
Tim Sackton: Right. This isn't a… this, you know, 2,000 people doesn't stretch for…
Tim Sackton: a super long distance, right? .
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Many of them have broken off from the back, many of the ones from the back broke off and are moving through the trees.
Tim Sackton: Now, skirmishers.
Tim Sackton: Moving, creating more…
Tim Sackton: ash storms as they go, and trying to come around and engage with the archers. The initial wave went very
Tim Sackton: First.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ambush went very poorly for the Hobgoblins, but they are… Right.
Tim Sackton: They are reforming now at the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Back lines are…
Tim Sackton: Spreading out now, curving around into the forest to try and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: break through the… the guerrilla fighters from the Rangers and the militia. Give space for the…
Tim Sackton: For the hobgoblins to retreat into the trees, where the hippos will have a…
Tim Sackton: Great deal of difficulty maneuvering.
Mike: can… Actually, that's an interesting idea.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Can you…
Mike: Is it a magic…
Mike: No, on a magic action, you can take the… so, should we.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Should we transform?
Mike: half the hippos, we can't do all of the hippos, but half the hippos into, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Dah… I don't know, baird, you know.
Mike: Something that can go into the forest much more easily.
Mike: Right? Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: You know, saber-toothed.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you know, the battle is fully joined at this point. The dragon has faded, but it did a lot of damage.
Tim Sackton: Are… you are all still…
Mike: We, we are…
Tim Sackton: from Vinja Sharna.
Mike: Basically, right? Like…
Mike: I think we're… we're waiting for… I think we're waiting to see… we're trying to identify the,
Mike: the… the Empress, right? We're trying to make sure she can't get past us.
Tim Sackton: So as the battle… As the initial clash begins to wear down and lines…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: begin to form.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin discipline… And sort of resilience showing as they begin to recover a little bit from the initial Blast.
Tim Sackton: 3 of the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Birds have been destroyed at this point by militia archers.
Tim Sackton: You see the remaining 6 duck back, and then swoop along the…
Tim Sackton: the west side of the lake, where there's no troops engaged, now, each with a hobgoblin mounted on its back.
Tim Sackton: Too far away to see any details.
Mike: Let's go after…
Tim Sackton: Go after them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I… I… Think so, right?
Mike: I mean, is it worth, before we do, is it worth turning our…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are… Half of our creatures into… Nuh.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hold on one second.
Mike: Why don't you turn…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Why don't you turn…
Mike: Like, half of our… .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You could turn half of our troops into giant eagles.
Mike: So, a quarter. Take a hundred of the people.
Mike: Right? And turn them into giant eagles.
Mike: And have them… have the 100 giant eagles go swarm the attackers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems good.
Mike: Because that's just a magic action. You could just sink your hands do that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I love it.
Tim Sackton: Giant eagles are not beasts.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It says, watch… oh, are they not in…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm looking in D&D Beyond, it says Large Beast.
Mike: Are they…
Tim Sackton: a legacy.
Mike: That's the legacy. Is there a giant eagle that's not legacy, that's not obese?
Tim Sackton: The giant eagles that go with the spell are Celestials.
Tim Sackton: You're not supposed to be able to create an army of… Hundreds of giant eagles.
Tim Sackton: So there's no giant flying.
Tim Sackton: Beasts.
Mike: Oh, there's giant bats.
Mike: they're only… they're not very good CR-wise. They don't do that much damage. It might not be worth making giant bats.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, giant bats are… there's nothing above CR1 that's a flying… a large flying beast.
Tim Sackton: So you're limited to CR1 if you want to be flying.
Mike: I don't know. What do you guys think? Is it worth… weaker? Is it… it might not be worth making them.
Mike: Weaker in flying.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, like, if they can't actually take those things down.
Mike: It's probably not worth it.
Mike: Let's, let's go after them are stops, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so they can.
Mike: You could still turn them into something that's a little better in the forest, right? Like, you could turn them into…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Bears, or tigers, or something like that.
Mike: Not that hippos are actually a big… hippos can move into… hippos aren't…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, they're okay, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so, they… So you… so these things are maybe…
Tim Sackton: A hundred feet away from you right now?
Tim Sackton: More than that, because Avengersharm is a little bit back from the battle, right? So…
Tim Sackton: You're looking maybe 5… you're, you're, like, maybe 3, 400 feet,
Tim Sackton: Away from the battle, and these are coming along the… the 6 of them are coming along the side of the lake, so maybe, like, 200 feet.
Tim Sackton: West of the battle.
Mike: So the whole idea is Vinja Sharon is far enough back that it should be… we should be able to intercept them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can definitely intercept them. You'll inter… you move to intercept these 6 flying…
Tim Sackton: So, everybody's flying? Or Vinder Sharda's moving?
Mike: Spain to Sharna's movie.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Vindr Sharna moves over to Intercept, and now you have… basically, coming straight towards the deck of Vindr Sharna will… start…
Tim Sackton: When they are about
Tim Sackton: 150 feet away or so, roughly, is when you sort of come into range of them. You can now see them, 6 of them, clearly.
Tim Sackton: There… there are, all Hobgoblins, 3 have… Flaming crossbows.
Tim Sackton: that are aimed ahead, being prepared to shoot. Two seem to be wizards of some kind, and one is a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A warlord, just somebody with…
Tim Sackton: You know, drawing a big sword as he points it and charges towards you.
Tim Sackton: The sorcerer is prepared to cast a spell.
Mike: Hold on, but you said there's 6?
Mike: And none of these are the Emperors of Chaos, right?
Tim Sackton: None of them are the Emperor's of Chaos.
Mike: Before we get… I mean, Vinjasarna has a 300-foot ice turret. Shouldn't we be shooting it before we are…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: As soon as we're within 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 300… you can start 300 feet away.
Mike: And you said there's… You said there's 6?
Tim Sackton: Six of them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: Finishana should Ice Turret, we should focus ice turret and other long-range spells at anybody who looks magic-y casty.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll initiative, just to…
Tim Sackton: Keep this straightforward.
Tim Sackton: So 19 for Welby.
Tim Sackton: 7 to 6 years.
Eric Rosenbaum: together, again.
Tim Sackton: Just roll again for Seeker 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: darling.
Tim Sackton: What did everybody else get?
Mike: 17.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kenzo?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 30.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, Kenza's first.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: into, like, hip.
David S. Kong: Anybody want to trade?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You basically get a free round where they're 300 feet away.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, I… Welby can definitely benefit from…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Probably doesn't… there's probably not a huge benefit, honestly.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Trading.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, no.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, just to make sure I know my job, I have two wishes.
Tim Sackton: One from each seeker, yes.
Mike: No, no, no, no, we used one of your wishes on the dragon.
Tim Sackton: Oh yes, so one wish.
Eric Rosenbaum: One wish remaining. Thank you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be anything, depending what happens.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we don't have any vulnerability of the emperor.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Mike: Oh, wait, I was gonna ask, Kenza, what was her weakness? What was her weakest stat?
Tim Sackton: Wisdom.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, that matters.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With them.
Mike: What was her strongest?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Her strongest was… charisma.
Mike: Just, there's a spell called Maze.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Which puts you in a demiplane.
Mike: A maze-like demiplane, it doesn't have a safe.
Mike: The way you get out is you beat the DC-20 investigation check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
Mike: But… Legendary resistance won't help you, because there's no safe.
Mike: It has to… it's only 60 feet, and it requires concentration, it only lasts 10 minutes. So all it really does is isolates her for 10 minutes, but…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Which should be…
Mike: in mud.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: distant from all the chaos metal, if she's the one controlling it all?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Should be in a demiplane.
Mike: I mean, I don't know how long it would take her to make a DC-20 intelligence check. That would obviously be sort of useless on, like, Seeker.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You'd make a DC-20 intelligence attack on one turn.
Mike: Anyway, just, it's something to keep in mind.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I like it.
Tim Sackton: the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kenzo is first.
Tim Sackton: But you're not doing anything from 300 feet away. Just anybody who's doing something from 300 feet away, just do it now. All together, quicker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird.
Mike: Let's rolling for Faldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll do it, but we're just gonna launch some, icicle turret shots, right?
Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we fire the icicle turrets.
Tim Sackton: Okay, there's AD20. What is he firing them at?
Mike: Whoever is… Whoever seems… you said there was a sorcerer? The sorcerer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the spellcaster.
Eric Rosenbaum: All…
Mike: All 8 on the Spellcaster?
Tim Sackton: Who are you… Are you steady-aimed to get advantage?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: No, I'm… hitting two different people so that I have VEX on both of them next round.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so no sneak attack on the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Correct. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I didn't see what you rolled. Who are you targeting? Which two people?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Spell? I guess… how many spells.
Tim Sackton: podcasters.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, both spellcasters.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Shit, that is a crit on the second one.
Mike: Yeah, but you can't retroactively,
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, I know.
Mike: Unfortunately.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, both of those hit.
Tim Sackton: 8.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and… 11 piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you've got Vex on both of them.
Tim Sackton: Who else is doing something from long, long distance?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, so I make a spell attack for those.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just roll 88.
Eric Rosenbaum: Piggers.
Tim Sackton: And if you're targeting the sorcerer, he's got a, I think, a plus 8, so you need to roll 8 or higher.
Mike: 80…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, 1820.
Tim Sackton: Not 88.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, 18, 20.
Tim Sackton: So, and it needs anything above 8, so he misses with 4 of them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: then it's, 8D6, because it's 2d6 for each one.
Tim Sackton: So, 4 of the icicle turrets.
Tim Sackton: hit.
Tim Sackton: One of the sorcerers.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that's roll 8D6.
Tim Sackton: Doing 39 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And then… The arrow hits, dealt with doing anything from this long range.
Mike: It's not worth burning my spell slots.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and then, three of these crossbow bolts.
Tim Sackton: Come firing forward.
Tim Sackton: So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: How many of these guys are there? There's 6?
Tim Sackton: Sex.
Tim Sackton: With disadvantage, so none of them had.
Tim Sackton: Three crossbow bolts, fly wide, as now they close to within…
Tim Sackton: So they can move the…
Tim Sackton: Dashing on the eagles, they can move… or the hawks, they can move 180 feet, so they're now 120 feet away.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Anybody doing anything at range?
Mike: Algon Blast!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, on the sorcerer, Let's arrange browser.
Mike: 120 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That was cool.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, actually, sorry, 120 feet, let's go in initiative order. So, Kenzo.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: I think, I mean, I don't think there's anything I can really do long range.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Welby?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Same to spellcasters.
Mike: Now you have sneak attack, right?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That's right, so that's 30 seconds. So that's both hats?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: The, MS37 on both of them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Then it is going to be…
Tim Sackton: One of the… the… the birds on… God, the indie…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This is why I never run…
Tim Sackton: Combats on BD Beyond, it is… So bad.
Tim Sackton: But this is too complicated, just keep in mind.
Tim Sackton: One of the,
Tim Sackton: so the… the birds all rushed forward now, so they now are all closing in on Vindasharna, at…
Tim Sackton: After Welby, so before dealt with.
Tim Sackton: And one of the mages, is going to go before Delwith, Delwith is next, and, fire begins to rain down on the deck of Vindasharna.
Tim Sackton: Everybody makes a…
Mike: Like an area, is it? We're presumably not clustered.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's a… It's a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 40 foot…
Tim Sackton: Radius?
Tim Sackton: So, I don't know, like, half… 3 of you?
Tim Sackton: I don't think you're, like, super spread out.
Mike: No, no, no, no, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's probably hiding, so everybody but Seeker.
David S. Kong: Everyone figured what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Everybody but Seeker make a deck saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Bobby takes nothing.
David S. Kong: I rolled a 15, but I'm gonna re-roll that, and also.
Tim Sackton: You're using your… you're using keys?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so just remember to mark off the key.
Mike: Wow.
Tim Sackton: What did… what did Dow withdraw?
Mike: Daweth rolled a…
Mike: What did I roll? It wasn't very good, it was like a 13, I think? I can't remember.
Tim Sackton: So, Dahlweth, you take 12 points of fire damage.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Seeker take no damage from evasion. However, the deck begins to sort of glow, and anybody who is now standing in this 40-foot radius square is now vulnerable to fire damage while you stand in that square.
Tim Sackton: dealt with Europe.
Mike: sorry, I meant to, last turn, cast… bought of, thought of Moonlight.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Since that actually lasts for 10 minutes.
Mike: Yeah. Yep.
Mike: and… then I will do 4 Eldritch Blasts.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they've now closed, so they're basically on the deck.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wait, I thought they were 120.
Tim Sackton: The… the birds moved before you.
Mike: They moved 300.
Tim Sackton: I don't meet?
Tim Sackton: The birds dash, they move up… yeah, they move up 90 feet.
Tim Sackton: dashed 180 feet. So they've moved 360 feet since the beginning of combat.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, but I only… I'm confused.
Tim Sackton: This is round 3.
Mike: What happened to round 2? I was gonna ultra-blast in Round 2.
Tim Sackton: So, they move before you. Sorry, this is round two, they move before you.
Mike: So they moved 300 feet.
Mike: Since…
Tim Sackton: They moved 180 feet in round 1, and they moved 180 feet in round 2.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I'm not… quite understand. Something I'm not picturing here, but it doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: They start at 300 feet away, they… round one, they move 180 feet, that puts them 120 feet away. Round two.
Tim Sackton: They move another 180 feet.
Mike: But if they moved before me last time, I could have outrage Blasted last time.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, in round 1.
Mike: In round one.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If you re… it's… okay, it's not.
Mike: No, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: If you really want to have this blast one, you can. It doesn't…
Mike: It doesn't matter that much, I just… I'm confused, because, yes, it should have been that I outrage blasted last time, because they would have only been 120 feet away.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but… Font of Moonlight is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: An action or a bonus action?
Mike: Font of Moonlight is an action, so… but I could bonus action it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I think I will.
Mike: No, I'll just… I won't, I'll just blast, I'll just find it good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, now you can attack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Somebody, if you will.
Mike: Do I have the Raven's Whistle?
Tim Sackton: Yes you do.
Mike: And how close are… who's, like…
Mike: I know we're not running out of map, but I'm having a hard time envisioning this, like, who's where, exactly?
Tim Sackton: There are 6 Hobgoblins on birds. The birds are now…
Tim Sackton: all about 20 feet above the deck of Vin Sharna, flying in a circle right on top of you.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I will fly up with the Raven's whistle.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: and attack…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the source of.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so while you're using the Raven's Whistle, you cannot cast spells that have verbal components.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I am aware.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I will attack the Sorcerer.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Attack number one.
Mike: Correct.
Mike: So that is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hold on.
Mike: And I have the, so 4D6 plus…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Mike: Why does it…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Why does that… why does my character sheet say 2D8?
Mike: Is that because I crit it? Oh, that's so confusing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, 30…
Mike: 32… 37 damage on the first attack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The sorcerer staggers back.
Tim Sackton: What kind of damage was that, by the way?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That is a mix of damages, some is radiant.
Mike: Sum is… slash X.
Tim Sackton: Staggers back, badly wounded.
Mike: Okay, second attack, same person.
Mike: 19 doesn't crit, because I'm not… okay, so… 2D6 plus…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 2D8…
Mike: 24 damage.
Tim Sackton: On its last… on his last legs.
Tim Sackton: The sorcerer on top of this, this bird, like, looks at you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hissing.
Mike: Still alive?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Still alive.
Tim Sackton: 6 hit points.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It won't die! Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 22 kills it, yes. So the Sorcerer dies to Delwith's blade, toppling off.
Tim Sackton: the… The…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: the bird that it's on. That brings up… The… Warlord.
Tim Sackton: The guy with the swords.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Who is going to…
Tim Sackton: jump off… The bird… And then make 3… Longsword attacks.
Tim Sackton: At whoever is closest, which I'm just gonna roll a D4. 1, 2, 3, 4… That is Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Three longsword attacks.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20… A 10, and a 23.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What's racing?
David S. Kong: Funny.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so 2 of those hit.
Tim Sackton: The first hit… is… 14 points of damage.
David S. Kong: I deflect that.
Tim Sackton: Which is deflected.
Tim Sackton: The second hit is also 14 points of damage, and reduces your speed by 10 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sorry, I was wrong. Doesn't reduce your speed by 10 feet, that's his jack point.
Tim Sackton: That ends the Warlord's turn.
David S. Kong: So I take 14 damage?
Tim Sackton: So you take 14 damage.
David S. Kong: And the Warlord takes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, roll for the Warlord.
Tim Sackton: the damage as Kenzo deflects the attack back.
David S. Kong: Well, they have to roll… oh, or, oh, I see, 2D12 plus 5, okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 21 damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The…
Tim Sackton: 3 archers?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Now fire?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Explosive motes.
Tim Sackton: Everybody make a… Dexterity saving throw.
Mike: Where is this happening?
Tim Sackton: Each… Just on… well… You're… you might be high enough up to be out of the range of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 20 feet up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you're out of the range, so not dealt with, everybody else.
Mike: That's good, because I rolled a 1.
Tim Sackton: What is Kenzo? What is Kenzo roll?
David S. Kong: 17.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeker takes half damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: DC is 17, so Kenzo and Welby take nothing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It is… Seeker, you take 18 points of fire damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And that brings us to Seeker 5.
Tim Sackton: Who currently has used a 7th and a 9th level spell.
Mike: Do you have a good 5th level spell?
Mike: Fourth level spell?
Mike: We don't want to use too much against these guys, because they're just the warm-ups.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Mike: Area effect would be very useful, but do you have any area of effect? You don't really have an area of effect spells, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: low.
Mike: Ow, Sloza gonna do it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, Slaw's a great idea.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's brilliant.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 40-foot cube.
Mike: Yeah, you can get all…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 120 foot range.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so Seeker 5 casts…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Blow.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I've got Seeker 5 spell slots here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Don't worry about that.
Tim Sackton: So, it's not gonna get all 6 of the birds. I'm gonna say it's gonna get half of the birds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the cult… the…
Tim Sackton: Sorcerer is dead.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It only… it only turns… it only gets 6 creatures anyway.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nice, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, slow only affects up to 6 creatures.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So, it'll affect…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Three of the birds, the mage, And two of the archers.
Tim Sackton: It's a wisdom.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, no, no, no, wait, wait, the war was. We wanted to affect the war.
Tim Sackton: the Warlord, and two of the Archers.
Eric Rosenbaum: DC19 Wisdom.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, that…
Tim Sackton: All the birds fail.
Tim Sackton: The Warlord's on the ground, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, I guess you can still get through.
Tim Sackton: The Warlord succeeds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the mage…
Tim Sackton: Fails.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And… or sorry, the archer fails, the archer fails. So the Warlord succeeds, everybody else fails.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: And that brings up Seeker.
Mike: Do something that lasts an hour, because you could probably keep it for the real boss, too.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, can't you, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Good evening.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Don't you have, like, a ladder? Can't you, like, summon the ladder or something that lasts a long time?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: An animating performance, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's just the… the construct is actually more powerful than the latter.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, how long does that last?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: An hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, so construct away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, and then I gotta choose which one. We'll do, like, a 7th level construct.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And it should be the…
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I like the clay one. We'll do the clay construct.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that appears it can attack… it can't fly, so it's probably attacking the Warlord. Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Miluppets.
Eric Rosenbaum: That block, because it gets an attack right out of here.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So I think it'll get to make 3 attacks.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Each of which is going to do…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 1D10 plus 6… sorry, 1D8 plus 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do I, oh, because it's 7th tall.
Tim Sackton: It's just your spell attack, so just make…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, 1D8 plus 4 plus 7, so 1D8 plus 11.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: So if the clay construct appears next to this warlord and begins…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, that's a crat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bam.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that's gonna do 2D8, that hits.
Tim Sackton: That last one, the Warlord swings its sword up and parries that blow out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: So it does…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 3v8 plus 22.
Tim Sackton: 3D8 plus 22.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can roll that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright, who's next? I want to keep this moving, because I…
Mike: I am not gonna be able to stay up till 1 in the morning tonight, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's… yes, I… I have a plan.
Tim Sackton: This is why we have the bonus session in there.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is next.
David S. Kong: Any sorcerer hotgoblins?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The sorcerer's dead.
Mike: Kell the mage.
Tim Sackton: The sorcerer's dead, the warlord's standing on the ground, there's the mage on a bird, and there's still 6 of the birds.
David S. Kong: I'll go after the major.
Mike: And there's…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A bunch of these guns are slow, too.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: to the mid.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'd definitely go for the mage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'd begin attacking.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 18?
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David S. Kong: 16… I've got Lengal's Claw.
Tim Sackton: Do you want to use Longo's Cloud now?
David S. Kong: Oh, does it last a minute?
Tim Sackton: It only lasts a minute.
Mike: Oh, no, save it, save it, save it.
David S. Kong: Alright, then I do 16 damage.
Tim Sackton: 16 damage on the mage.
David S. Kong: attack.
Tim Sackton: Punch hits the mage.
David S. Kong: Second attack, 31.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yup, that hits, or sorry, first staff attack, Kenzo swinging at this… Mage who's… 13 damage, second attack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 13 damage, that kills us.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, shit.
Mike: I'll move on to the archers.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Archers.
Tim Sackton: The archers are, like, 40 feet up in the air, so you'll have to…
David S. Kong: It's fine, I've got 70 move.
Tim Sackton: But you're not.
Mike: No, you're not fine, you, you…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you… could.
David S. Kong: No, I'm an astral…
Mike: But does that take your action?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No, no, I, I… It lasts for an hour, so you can do it before combat starts. Remember to keep track of the key you spend, because you might not get a short rest before you fight the boss.
Mike: Can't you get back your key with a…
David S. Kong: I can't…
Mike: initiative?
Tim Sackton: That's true, so you don't really need a track key for this battle.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, Tim, I did 24 on the first archer that hits? Yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That goes… 8 damage… 4th attack.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 15?
David S. Kong: Tinta?
Tim Sackton: 16 on an archer hits.
David S. Kong: Does another 8 damage, last attack on the archer…
Tim Sackton: 23 hits… Sorry, 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Last attack, and only one hit point left, so your last attack kills the archer.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Trust me.
Tim Sackton: message.
Mike: Bobby's next.
Tim Sackton: Yep, Wabi's next, one sec.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Welby pauses to glance to the far side of the battlefield.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: As he knocks an arrow.
Mike: Is there something over there?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, I'll…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Shout and point.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: She's moving fast, the Empress of Chaos.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's going fast.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Above the forest.
Tim Sackton: Far side of the battlefield.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Away from the obvious faint.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Empress of Chaos is flying.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Incredibly fast, straight into the…
Tim Sackton: Heart of the Valley.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, let's fucking go, let's go through.
Mike: How fast is incredibly fast.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 300 feet per round.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So let's, let's execute our, how far away is she right now, at this very instant?
Tim Sackton: 600 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Hang on, and she's talking towards the heart, how far is she from the heart?
Tim Sackton: Well, you're, like, 3 quarters of a mile away.
Mike: How fast does the Raven… how fast do I go with the Raven's whistle?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Didn't we position ourselves?
David S. Kong: Wasn't the whole thing? We're positioned…
Mike: Well, we… we went after these people.
David S. Kong: No, what the hell? I thought the whole point was we're staying next to…
Tim Sackton: I did too, but you went after the feint.
David S. Kong: Oh, I totally was not paying attention. That was my bad. I thought the whole point was we're…
Mike: That's okay, though, this is fine. Okay, how fast…
Tim Sackton: I mean, I explicitly described the Empress of Chaos not present among these.
Mike: How… how…
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like.
Mike: How.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: The question is, can we get there before she does?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Can we tell… let's teleport?
Tim Sackton: Make roll, right now, you're still surrounded by these troops. Just on Vindersharna? No, you cannot get there beforehand.
Mike: No, no, no, no, sorry, how fast does the Raven's Whistle…
Tim Sackton: How fast does the Raven's Whistle let you go?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Dude, what?
David S. Kong: This is teleport. Let's get out of here.
Mike: I mean… We could just teleport.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I guess? Yeah!
David S. Kong: Yeah, we teleport! How the fuck else are we gonna get there?
Mike: Yeah. Burns a 9th level slot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, this is our dumbass… this is our own dumbass fault. I, I literally… I was not paying attention and not realized that we were… we were… we had, we had done this. This is the whole… the whole… Wait, why would it burn a 9th level slot?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Does Seeker have a 7th left? Oh, no, you have a 7th.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeker has a 7th, and Seeker 5 has an 8th.
Eric Rosenbaum: The danger of teleport is if we…
Tim Sackton: Twice as fast as your walking speed.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I can move 16.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: 270 feet around. So I can get there at the same time, but I…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Cannot last more than a round of two.
Mike: The problem is, does it do us any good to engage in combat with her?
Mike: Or she's just gonna fly right past us.
David S. Kong: She's gonna fly right past us. She is… her goal is to get to the- the heart, the heart thing. She's not gonna, like, hang around.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, crazy shit happens when she stabs the thing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Capture the flag, the whole, the whole thing was gotta be, we gotta be close, close to the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Go for it.
David S. Kong: Let's go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, I can't.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Teleport.
David S. Kong: Wow.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, currently it's Welby's turn.
Mike: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's… it's not your turn yet. The downside of casting teleport… Better not fail.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: How close do I have to be to you when you cast Teleport?
Eric Rosenbaum: Touching, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I think it's a 10-foot radius circle.
Mike: Yeah, it's relatively small.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 10 feet, yeah. 10 feet range. Creatures you can see within range.
David S. Kong: Wait.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Despite what I said earlier, how confident are we that you can teleport them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Huge look.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Usually.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Overwhelming cup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I been there before?
Tim Sackton: No, this is…
Tim Sackton: This is seen casually. Oh, actually, no, you can see it when you cast the spell, so it's very familiar.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, it's just like…
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's there, it's like… it's like 3 quarters of a mile away, you can…
Tim Sackton: Look exactly at where you're going.
Tim Sackton: So it counts as very familiar.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Is the mage dead?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the mage is dead.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Alright, first shot's gonna be on the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Warlord…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: And I'm gonna try to, blind.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, that's a…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: 27…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And then blind is a…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: DC.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sorry, Obscure is a, DC19 deck save.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Roll the 19th.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that's…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, sorry, I didn't see the die totals on that. I gotta roll.
Tim Sackton: 45 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, about minus 3 to 6.
Tim Sackton: Minus… I got it, it's minus 10.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I don't know, and then the second shot…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Is anybody else in Melee with any of us?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Everybody's kinda killed their…
Tim Sackton: Targets?
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kenzo's in melee with one of the birds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's true. They just killed an archer.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Crate 32.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay. Bird is bloodied.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Warlord is… is very close to dead.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That ends Wallaby's turn. The birds now all get to dive bomb and attack you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But, they can… 3 of them can only make one attack because they're slowed.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, shoot, also move so that I'm within 10 feet of secret.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So those 3 attacks are all terrible.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's a 12, a 10, and a 14, which misses even Seeker.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeing everybody…
Tim Sackton: These ones are…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Batter,
Mike: Those are rough.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That if they're slowed, they only get one attack.
Tim Sackton: I know, I rolled the 3 that were slow, and only one attacked.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The ones that are not slowed have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Out of their 6 attacks hit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, one is a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: on…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: to our 20… 3 on dealt with.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is that him?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'll cast Shield, why not? I have tons of spells. Okay, so 2 Mists dealt with as a shield of Force comes up and blocks them, and then another natural 20 on Seeker 5.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So that's… For 7 points of damage to Seeker 5, I'll track Seeker 5 damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And, 9, 10, 11, 12 points of damage on Seeker, and make a con save for the slow.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That ends there, Delwith is up next, and then Seeker 5, and then the Warlord, and then the Archers, and then Seeker 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: save.
David S. Kong: Are we teleporting?
Mike: Yeah, but we have to wait for Zeke's turn.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Mike: I will… Attack the Warlord.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, I miss.
Mike: I assume with 12 misses.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so 12 misses. Is he 20 on the Warboard? Actually, 23, because he's parrying.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Man, I rolled a 1 and a 2.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 19, that's better.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike: 17 damage?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That does not quite kill the Warlord.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As you swing at him.
Tim Sackton: Slashing, and then, I assume, run for… Seeker?
Mike: Am I not within 10 feet of Seeker? I had to come back to the ground to fight the Warlord, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, but Seeker was kind of hiding a little bit away from everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, the Warlord will get an Attack of Opportunity, but that misses. Yes.
Mike: My shield is… oh, no, my shield went away, but anyway, it's fine.
Tim Sackton: that ends. Dawas Turn, Seeker 5.
Mike: Wait, why isn't Seeker 5 doing the teleport?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh. Have to eat.
Tim Sackton: use 8th level spells. But that's fine. Seeker 5 can use… I mean, Seeker doesn't have a lot of 8th level spells.
Mike: I have Secret 5 do the teleport.
Tim Sackton: I mean, do you trust Seeker 5? Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, Seeker 5 doesn't have the track record?
Eric Rosenbaum: But…
Mike: No, no, no, secret shop.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a guaranteed success.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think Seeker 5 can do it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If Seeker 5 does it, the… the… Archers won't get an attack.
Tim Sackton: before you teleport away.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can… I can give him inspiration. Oh, no, it doesn't affect the teleport.
Mike: Doesn't affect the roll. Heroic Inspiration does, so you can re-roll. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing.
Tim Sackton: And I said, you can see the locations, so…
Mike: Yeah, we have pretty good odds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, alright, ready?
Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go, everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: 42. Hold on, that might be a… that might be a mishap.
Mike: Very familiar.
Eric Rosenbaum: 42 is done.
Mike: Oh, she said very familiar? It's fine.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, so that's pretty good.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You're fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If it was… if it was…
Mike: If it was not very familiar, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It would be similar. If it was only… it's a good thing you can see it, because if it was just seen casually, that would be…
Tim Sackton: There's an possible outcome.
Mike: Yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker 5, as long as he can see where he's trying to teleport to, he's all set.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Amazing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So… Perfect track, record maintained. You vanish.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and reappear… in…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The middle of… A gro- an open grove.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Where the heart route, you can… you can…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: see, and you can sense it, you can… you can smell it. It's… Yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: dense.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, almost bready, sweet, fruity… Smell.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A still air, like… Held breath, the sun…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: diffuse and… I mean, it's pre-dawn, right? So it's, like, just a little bit of the dawn light shining through.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Golden light.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Just beginning to light up the trees around the edge of this sort of almost root-like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Amphitheater kind of thing formed in the center.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Smells of rain… Warmth, out-of-season fruit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And… I think probably we should stop there, because it's midnight.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You likely have anywhere between 1 and 10 rounds, it's hard for you to guess exactly how many.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's gotta be… it's gotta be more than…
Tim Sackton: More than one. She's going 300.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If she's going 300 feet a turn, and it was 3 quarters of a mile, it should be, like, between 10 and 12 runs.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, it'll be somewhere between… so you have a f- you'll have a… a moment to… prepare.
Tim Sackton: be risky to try and cast, like, Prayer of Healing.
Mike: That's 10 minutes, there's no way.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike: Why?
Mike: I can do my… I'm hoping I can get off my one-minute esoteric right to regain slots.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that you might be able to get off.
Tim Sackton: One minute is possible. I'm gonna… I'm just gonna roll to determine exactly how many rounds it is before she appears in the air.
Mike: Right, but… Why would one minute… isn't it at least… Should it be at least…
Tim Sackton: Well, because distances aren't precise here, right?
Mike: No, I know, but… well, it's just… it's extremely risky to cast a spell, and then use my…
Mike: use my right to get the spell slot back, because then I don't have the slot if I fail, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes, that would be risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: thinking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: own.
Mike: A one minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Imprisonment, which I might be able to cast using the, binding Stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure, though, if I have to guess which stones to use, which I probably will get wrong, so…
Tim Sackton: Yes, you, you, you…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I, I will… I will say, so, let's see.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's a 1 minute casting time.
Tim Sackton: So, I will say that you have…
Tim Sackton: So you don't know how far away she can start…
Tim Sackton: Like, if she has an attack that has a 600-foot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Tim Sackton: like…
Eric Rosenbaum: It says a third.
Tim Sackton: You are… you preserve…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sir, sure, have, like, 8 rounds.
Mike: But until she's…
Mike: Sure, but the… but there's nothing that says, if she's attacking me, I can't finish the ride.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right? I'm not gonna do anything when she's 600 feet away, I can't do… right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So, I will say…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'll just say, like, just looking at a quick calculation, she will be, like, within sight, like, 600 feet away, 8 rounds from…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right? So, we will pick up next time.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With the Empress of Chaos 600 feet away from you?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 8 rounds having passed from the moment you appeared.
Tim Sackton: Hearthstone, or the Hearthroot, and we'll re-roll initiatives so any.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Abilities that trigger on initiative.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Can we start?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But, and whatever you want to do with those 8 rounds, like, you have some time.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sure. If something takes a minute, That means that it'll be…
Tim Sackton: Two round… the first two rounds of combat will be.
Mike: Have to be that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kenza's gonna, gonna spend 8 rounds, commuting with the,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The thing to get, their… Defense, and… Their actions!
David S. Kong: abilities.
Mike: Is anybody hurt, particularly?
David S. Kong: I'm being so serious, Tim. I'm being so serious. Yeah. Like, yeah, like, Kenza's full-on merging with the Homewood.
Tim Sackton: I don't think anybody got particularly badly hurt in that last fight.
David S. Kong: So, like, yeah.
Mike: Like, a healing spell is not worthwhile.
Mike: Nobody really needs heel.
Tim Sackton: They don't want to take damage.
Tim Sackton: You took a bunch of damage. Yeah, Seeker took some damage, Kenzo took some damage.
David S. Kong: Take a little damage.
Tim Sackton: It's on the leg, you know.
Tim Sackton: Plenty of time.
Mike: the challenge is, with 8 rounds, I can get back, two spell slots.
Mike: I could cast a healing spell, and then get back the two spell slots I've used.
Mike: But it takes me 10 rounds. I only have 8.
Mike: Now, it'll take me 11 rounds, 1 round to cast the healing spell. Oh, no, Healing Word is a bonus action, so…
Tim Sackton: Nobody's…
Mike: I think it's…
Tim Sackton: Damage.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: We have a couple of potions, at least, too. This would be the time for us. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker took 30 points of damage, Seeker… well, Seeker… 5 can't heal.
Mike: Right.
Mike: I'm just gonna use my… I'm not going to…
Mike: I am not gonna do my 8 right. I'm just gonna… I'm gonna use my…
Mike: my rod to get back one slot, that's just an action.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Mike: And leave it at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The construct came with us, presumably.
Tim Sackton: Construct came with you, yup.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I'll activate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can bring to Adam.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: So, construct, ladder, Triceratops…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a little army.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Anything else? I mean, I'm… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, yeah, during the 8 rounds you have, you'll activate ladder, activate… just writing this all down so we remember for next time. Activate T-Rex.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's gonna get lair actions.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna think…
Eric Rosenbaum: play construct.
Tim Sackton: to look at.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that idea.
Tim Sackton: The what?
Eric Rosenbaum: The clay construct is still up.
Tim Sackton: The construct is still up at level 7, didn't take any damage.
Tim Sackton: Faunt of Moonlight is still up.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Enzo's astral plane is still up.
Tim Sackton: you'll… Kenza will get back all your key when you roll initiative.
Tim Sackton: Anything… any other effects ongoing?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Can we, like, put a wall of stone around the… a heartwood.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Or at the heart route.
Tim Sackton: It's causing change.
Tim Sackton: So that means the… No.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: How many rounds for it to become permanent?
Tim Sackton: 10 minutes.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, hallucinatory terrain is the other, like, there's a bunch of stuff, but they all take too long.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: What if we put that fortress thing around it?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: With the heart at the center of the keep.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if it actually does that.
Mike: Well, we don't… look, okay. We have… we have… we have 45 seconds in-game, and, like, a week in real life to think about what to do with the wish. Right.
Mike: We don't have to decide that right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, when are we playing next?
Tim Sackton: We're playing next, so… because I knew this would happen, we're playing next… on Tuesday the 30th.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so not Monday?
Tim Sackton: And then we're playing again Monday the 6th.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And then we're off from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it.
Tim Sackton: Because all the guerrilla warfare took a bit longer than I planned, so we have to use the bonus action to get
Tim Sackton: This… the bonus… Session to get this combat done and do the denouement.
Tim Sackton: And then… transition to the last adventure.
Tim Sackton: on the 6th, and then set up Nantucket.
Tim Sackton: So that's the plan.
Tim Sackton: But let's… let's… I'll stop recording now. Let's.